"A Large Can of Worms": Teachers' Perceptions of Young People's Technology Use.	Lucy R. Betts
"Ask Ernö": a self-learning tool for assignment and prediction of nuclear magnetic resonance spectra.	Luc Patiny
"Boundedly rational exuberance in commodity markets" - Some comments on Bertrand Munier.	Lucas Bernard
"Context-aware access control and presentation for linked data" by Luca Costabello with Prateek Jain as coordinator.	Luca Costabello
"HMMM...WHERE'S THAT SMOKE COMING FROM?" Writing, Play and Performance on Internet Relay Chat .	Lucia Ruedenberg-Wright
"Harvesting movie ratings from structured data in social media" by Simon Dooms and Luc Martens with Ching-man Au Yeung as coordinator.	Luc Martens
"How Did I Make It?": Uncertainty about Own Motor Performance after Inhibition of the Premotor Cortex.	Luca Zigiotto
"I Can't Get No Satisfaction": Helping Autonomous Systems Identify Their Unsatisfied Interdomain Interests.	Paolo Lucente
"I'm keeping those there, are you?" The role of a new user interface paradigm - Separate Control of Shared Space (SCOSS) - in the collaborative decision-making process.	Rosemary Luckin
"I'm keeping those there, are you?" The role of a new user interface paradigm - Separate Control of Shared Space (SCOSS) - in the collaborative decision-making process.	Lucinda Kerawalla
"Magic mirror in my hand, what is the sentiment in the lens?": An action unit based approach for mining sentiments from multimedia contents.	Luca Greco 0001
"Magic mirror in my hand, what is the sentiment in the lens?": An action unit based approach for mining sentiments from multimedia contents.	Luca Casaburi
"Making it real": exploring the potential of augmented reality for teaching primary school science.	Rosemary Luckin
"Making it real": exploring the potential of augmented reality for teaching primary school science.	Lucinda Kerawalla
"Multivariate Approximation: Theory and Applications".	Lucia Romani
"Solving" ambiguity in the virtual space: communication strategies in a collaborative virtual environment.	Luca Pieti
"The Postman Always Rings Twice": Evaluating E-Learning Platform a Decade Later.	Luca Greco 0001
"What Are You Thinking When You Look at Me?" A Pilot Study of the Use of Virtual Reality in Body Image.	Lucia Valmaggia
"Where's Farah?": Knowledge silos and information fusion by distributed collaborating teams.	Lucy J. Troup
$C\!\!-\!\!Lock$ : Energy Efficient Synchronization for Embedded Multicore Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
(Hybrid) automata and (stochastic) programsThe hybrid automata lattice of a stochastic program.	Luca Bortolussi
(UWB)2: Uncoordinated, Wireless, Baseborn Medium Access for UWB Communication Networks.	Luca De Nardis
(m)-covering of a triangulation.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
(∊, k) Equilibria and Well-posedness.	Lucia Pusillo
-In silico functional characterization of a double histone fold domain from the Heliothis zea virus 1.	Luca De Gioia
10-nF capacitance transfer standard.	Luca Callegaro
100G Ethernet and OTU4 testing challenges: From the lab to the field.	Luc Duplessis
11th International Symposium on Virtual Reality, Archaology and Cultural Heritge: 8th Eurographics Workshop on Graphics and Cultural Heritage.	Geneviève Lucet
1300 V, 2 ms pulse inductive load switching test circuit with 20 ns selectable crowbar intervention.	Lucio Rossi
144 Channel measurement IC for CdZnTe sensors with energy and time resolution.	Luciano Romero
1D and 2D Fourier-based approaches to numeric curvature estimation and their comparative performance assessment.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
1st International Workshop on Reduction Strategies in Rewriting and Programming (WRS 2001) - Preface.	Salvador Lucas
1st international workshop on advances and applications of problem frames - summary.	Lucia Rapanotti
2-D Object Recognition By Multiscale Tree Matching.	Luca Lombardi
2-Rainbow domination number of Cn x C5.	Lucjan Szymaszkiewicz
2-Testability and Relabelings Produce Everything.	Lucian Ilie
2008 changes to the Editorial Board of Expert Systems.	Lucia Rapanotti
2010 ICSE international workshop on advances and applications of problem orientation (WAAPO-2010).	Lucia Rapanotti
2D Euclidean distance transform algorithms: A comparative survey.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
2D QSAR Consensus Prediction for High-Throughput Virtual Screening. An Application to COX-2 Inhibition Modeling and Screening of the NCI Database.	Luc Morin-Allory
2D into 3D Hough-space mapping for planar object pose estimation.	Gian Luca Foresti
3-Colored Triangulation of 2D Maps.	Lucas Moutinho Bueno
3-D Data Denoising and Inpainting with the Low-Redundancy Fast Curvelet Transform.	Jean-Luc Starck
3-D Model-Based Frame Interpolation for Distributed Video Coding of Static Scenes.	Luce Morin
3-D Reconstruction of Urban Scenes from Image Sequences.	Luc Robert
3-D object segmentation using ant colonies.	Giovanni Luca Masala
3-Flows and Combs.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
38th International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming.	Luca Aceto
3AKEP: Triple-authenticated key exchange protocol for peer-to-peer VoIP applications.	Luca Veltri
3D Animation of Telecollaborative Anthropomorphic Avatars.	Cristian Luciano
3D Assisted Face Recognition: Dealing With Expression Variations.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
3D CV Descriptor on Parallel Heterogeneous Platforms.	Luca Benini
3D Elbow Kinematics with Monoplanar Fluoroscopy: In Silico Evaluation.	Luca Tersi
3D Face Recognition Using Simulated Annealing and the Surface Interpenetration Measure.	Luciano Silva
3D Hardware Canaries.	Jean-Luc Danger
3D Head Pose and Facial Expression Tracking using a Single Camera.	Lucas D. Terissi
3D Interactions between Virtual Worlds and Real Life in an E-Learning Community.	Ulrike Lucke
3D Modeling of Building Indoor Spaces and Closed Doors from Imagery and Point Clouds.	Lucía Díaz-Vilariño
3D Navigation of Geographic Data Sets.	Dario Lucarella
3D Object Processing: Compression, Indexing and Watermarking.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
3D Objects Localization Using Fuzzy Approach and Hierarchical Belief Propagation: Application at Level Crossings.	Jean-Luc Bruyelle
3D Protein Structure Predicted from Sequence	Lucy J. Colwell
3D Reconstruction from Multiple Images: Part 1 - Principles.	Luc J. Van Gool
3D Recording for Archaeological Fieldwork.	Luc J. Van Gool
3D Segmentation and Quantification of a Masticatory Muscle from MR Data Using Patient-Specific Models and Matching Distributions.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
3D Urban Scene Modeling Integrating Recognition and Reconstruction.	Luc J. Van Gool
3D Visualization for 2D GIS: an Analysis of the Users' Needs and a Review of Techniques.	A. Lucas
3D electro-thermal simulations of wide area power devices operating in avalanche condition.	Luca Maresca
3D motion estimation of bubbles of gas in fluid glass, using an optical flow gradient technique extended to a third dimension.	Luciano Sánchez
3D point cloud registration based on a purpose-designed similarity measure.	Luciano Alonso
3D quantification of mandibular asymmetry using the SPHARM-PDM tool box.	Lucia H. S. Cevidanes
3D reconstruction methods for digital preservation of cultural heritage: A survey.	Luciano Silva
3D reconstruction of cultural heritages: Challenges and advances on precise mesh integration.	Luciano Silva
3D semantic interpretation for robot perception inside office environments.	Lucian Cosmin Goron
3D simulation of single-event-transient effects in symmetrical dual-material double-gate MOSFETs.	Jean-Luc Autran
3D-Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationships of HEPT Derivatives as HIV-1 Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors, Based on Ab Initio Calculations.	Luckhana Lawtrakul
3DFLUX: A high-order fully three-dimensional flux integral solver for the scalar transport equation.	Luca Cortelezzi
40 years of library and information studies education in Wales.	Lucy A. Tedd
42-arcs in PG(2, q) left invariant by PSL(2, 7).	Lucia Indaco
4D microvascular imaging based on ultrafast Doppler tomography.	Jean-Luc Gennisson
5-HTTLPR-environment interplay and its effects on neural reactivity in adolescents.	Lucy V. Hiscox
5-HTTLPR-environment interplay and its effects on neural reactivity in adolescents.	Luca Passamonti
5GNOW: non-orthogonal, asynchronous waveforms for future mobile applications.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
6th International Symposium on Attention in Cognitive Systems 2013.	Lucas Paletta
7th workshop on large-scale distributed systems for information retrieval (LSDS-IR'09).	Claudio Lucchese
@TOME-2: a new pipeline for comparative modeling of protein-ligand complexes.	Jean-Luc Pons
A "Mobile Virtual Lab" for Supporting Engineering Curricula.	Luca Greco 0001
A "Rayleigh-ness" test for DS/SS code acquisition.	Luc Vandendorpe
A 1.2-V 10-μ W NPN-Based Temperature Sensor in 65-nm CMOS With an Inaccuracy of 0.2°C (3 Sigma ) From - 70°C to 125°C.	Lucien J. Breems
A 13.2 b Optical Proximity Sensor System With 130 klx Ambient Light Rejection Capable of Heart Rate and Blood Oximetry Monitoring.	Luca Sant
A 130.7-$\hbox{mm}^{2}$ 2-Layer 32-Gb ReRAM Memory Device in 24-nm Technology.	Luca Fasoli
A 14-Band Low-Complexity and High-Performance Synthesizer Architecture for MB-OFDM Communication.	Jean-Luc Gautier
A 160 ˟ 120-Pixels Range Camera With In-Pixel Correlated Double Sampling and Fixed-Pattern Noise Correction.	Lucio Pancheri
A 2.5D Integrated Voltage Regulator Using Coupled-Magnetic-Core Inductors on Silicon Interposer.	Luca P. Carloni
A 2.6 nW, 0.45 V Temperature-Compensated Subthreshold CMOS Voltage Reference.	Luca Magnelli
A 200 μA Duty-Cycled PLL for Wireless Sensor Nodes in 65 nm CMOS.	Lucien J. Breems
A 2012 Workshop: Vaccine and Drug Ontology in the Study of Mechanism and Effect (VDOSME 2012).	Luca Toldo
A 2d channel router for the diagonal model.	Fabrizio Luccio
A 3-D Audio-Visual Corpus of Affective Communication.	Luc J. Van Gool
A 3-D baseband signal analyzer prototype for 3G mobile telecommunication systems.	Luca De Vito
A 4 GHz Continuous-Time ΔΣ ADC With 70 dB DR and -74 dBFS THD in 125 MHz BW.	Lucien J. Breems
A 4 Mb LV MOS-Selected Embedded Phase Change Memory in 90 nm Standard CMOS Technology.	Luca Scotti
A 4 Mb LV MOS-Selected Embedded Phase Change Memory in 90 nm Standard CMOS Technology.	Luca Bettini
A 40 nm CMOS I/O Pad Design With Embedded Capacitive Coupling Receiver for Non-Contact Wafer Probe Test.	Luca Perilli
A 40 nm CMOS I/O Pad Design With Embedded Capacitive Coupling Receiver for Non-Contact Wafer Probe Test.	Luca Perugini
A 400-kHz High-Accuracy Laser Telemeter for Distributed Measurements of 3-D Profiles.	Luca Fumagalli
A 45 nm CMOS-SOI Monolithic Photonics Platform With Bit-Statistics-Based Resonant Microring Thermal Tuning.	Luca Alloatti
A 4D Statistical Model of Wrist Bone Motion Patterns.	Lucas J. van Vliet
A 5 degrees of freedom multi-user pointing device for interactive whiteboards.	Luca Cosmo
A 60 dB Harmonic Rejection Mixer for Digital Terrestrial TV Tuner.	Luca Lo Coco
A 65-nm CMOS Temperature-Compensated Mobility-Based Frequency Reference for Wireless Sensor Networks.	Lucien J. Breems
A BMC-based formulation for the scheduling problem of hardware systems.	Luciano Lavagno
A BMC-formulation for the scheduling problem in highly constrained hardware Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
A Backward Error Analysis of a Null Space Algorithm in Sparse Quadratic Programming.	Lucia Baldini
A Balanced Evaluation Perspective: Picture Archiving and Communication System Impacts on Hospital Workflow.	Lucy Firth
A Bayesian Lower Bound for Parameter Estimation of Poisson Data Including Multiple Changes (extended).	Lucien Bacharach
A Bayesian approach to estimate the marginal loss distributions in operational risk management.	Luciana Dalla Valle
A Bayesian approach to treat expert-elicited probabilities in human reliability analysis model construction.	Luca Podofillini
A Bayesian method for multi-pollution source water quality model and seasonal water quality management in river segments.	Lucy Marshall
A Bayesian network model for predicting pregnancy after in vitro fertilization.	Luca Gianaroli
A Bayesian network model for predicting pregnancy after in vitro fertilization.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A Bayesian non-linear method for feature selection in machine translation quality estimation.	Lucia Specia
A Bayesian variable selection procedure to rank overlapping gene sets.	Luc Jans
A Belief-Based Approach for Adaptive Image Processing.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Big-Data Approach to Handle Process Variations: Uncertainty Quantification by Tensor Recovery.	Luca Daniel
A Bilevel Model and Solution Algorithm for a Freight Tariff-Setting Problem.	Luce Brotcorne
A Bilevel Model for Toll Optimization on a Multicommodity Transportation Network.	Luce Brotcorne
A Blind Equalization Algorithm Based on Minimization of Normalized Variance for DS/CDMA Communications.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Bottom-up approach to Grid-Computing at a University: the Black-Forest-Grid Initiative.	Luc De Raedt
A Branch-and-Cut Algorithm for a Vendor-Managed Inventory-Routing Problem.	Luca Bertazzi
A Brazilian survey on UML and model-driven practices for embedded software development.	Luciane Telinski Wiedermann Agner
A Brief Description of Gell-Mann's Lecture and How Intervals May Help to Describe Complexity in the Real World.	Luc Longpré
A Buffer-Sizing Algorithm for Network-on-Chips with Multiple Voltage-Frequency Islands.	Luca Benini
A CAEV epidemiological model for goat breeding.	Luca Ferreri
A CAPWAP-based solution for frequency planning in large scale networks of WiFi Hot-Spots.	Luca Vollero
A CDMA wireless packet network for voice-data transmissions.	Luca Zoppi
A CMOS 3-D Imager Based on Single Photon Avalanche Diode.	Lucio Pancheri
A CMV-Based Eigensolver for Companion Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
A CNN-based chip for robot locomotion control.	Luca Patané
A CRT Report Generating System.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A Cancellation Theorem for BCCSP.	Luca Aceto
A Capacitive Intrabody Communication Channel from 100 kHz to 100 MHz.	Zeljka Lucev
A Cartesian cut cell method for rarefied flow simulations around moving obstacles.	Luc Mieussens
A Case Study for NoC-Based Homogeneous MPSoC Architectures.	Luca Macchiarulo
A Case Study in Algorithm Engineering for Geometric Computing.	Luca Vismara
A Case Study of De-randomization Methods for Combinatorial Approximation Algorithms.	Luca Trevisan
A Case Study of Public Servants Engaged in E-Consultation in Australia.	Lucas Walsh
A Chaikin-based variant of Lane-Riesenfeld algorithm and its non-tensor product extension.	Lucia Romani
A Characterization of Finitary Bisimulation.	Luca Aceto
A Characterization of Strictly Locally Testable Languages and Its Applications to Subsemigroups of a Free Semigroup	Aldo de Luca
A Checklist for the Evaluation of Pedestrian Simulation Software Functionalities.	Mizar Luca Federici
A Chemistry-Inspired Framework for Achieving Consensus in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Sanguinetti
A Chopper Stabilized Biasing Circuit Suitable for Cascaded Wheatstone-Bridge-Like Sensors.	Luc Hebrard
A Class of Code Compression Schemes for Reducing Power Consumption in Embedded Microprocessor Systems.	Luca Benini
A Class of Reversible Primitive Recursive Functions.	Luca Roversi
A Class of Reversible Primitive Recursive Functions.	Luca Paolini
A Class of Scaled Bessel Sampling Theorems.	Luc Knockaert
A Class of Spectral Two-Level Preconditioners.	Luc Giraud
A Class-E Direct AC-AC Converter With Multicycle Modulation for Induction Heating Systems.	Oscar Lucía
A Classification Framework to Support the Design of Visual Languages.	Andrea De Lucia
A Co-Design Framework with OpenCL Support for Low-Energy Wide SIMD Processor.	Luc Waeijen
A Co-Design Methodology for Telecommunication Systems: A Case Study of an Acoustic Echo Canceller.	Jean Luc Philippe
A Co-operative Intelligent Decision Support System for Boilers Combustion Management based on a Distributed Architecture.	Jean-Luc Soubie
A Cognitive Architecture Based on a Learning Classifier System with Spiking Classifiers.	Pier Luca Lanzi
A Cognitive Architecture Based on a Learning Classifier System with Spiking Classifiers.	Pier Luca Lanzi
A Cognitive Control-Inspired Approach to Object Tracking.	Lucio Marcenaro
A Collaborative Augmented Campus Based on Location-Aware Mobile Technology.	Andrea De Lucia
A Color Vision-Based Lane Tracking System for Autonomous Driving on Unmarked Roads.	Luciano Boquete
A Coloring Problem for Infinite Words.	Aldo de Luca
A Coloring Problem for Infinite Words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
A Coloring Problem for Sturmian and Episturmian Words	Luca Q. Zamboni
A Coloring Problem for Sturmian and Episturmian Words	Aldo de Luca
A Combinatorial Property of Finite Prefix Codes	Aldo de Luca
A Combinatorial Property of the Fibonacci Words.	Aldo de Luca
A Combined TD-FD Method for Enhanced Reflectometry Measurements in Liquid Quality Monitoring.	Luca Catarinucci
A Combined TD-FD Method for Enhanced Reflectometry Measurements in Liquid Quality Monitoring.	Luciano Tarricone
A Comment on 'Graph-Based Algorithm for Boolean Function Manipulation'.	Luca Macchiarulo
A Communication Architecture for a Massively Parallel Message-Passing Multicomputer.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
A Compact FPGA Implementation of the SHA-3 Candidate ECHO.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Compact and Autoclavable System for Acute Extracellular Neural Recording and Brain Pressure Monitoring for Humans.	Luciano Fadiga
A Comparative Analysis of Particle Filter Based Localization Methods.	Luca Iocchi
A Comparative Analysis of Particle Filter Based Localization Methods.	Luca Marchetti
A Comparative Evaluation of Control Interfaces for a Robotic-Aided Endoscopic Capsule Platform.	Gioia Lucarini
A Comparative Evaluation of SiC Power Devices for High-Performance Domestic Induction Heating.	Oscar Lucía
A Comparative QSAR Study of Benzamidines Complement-inhibitory Activity and Benzene Derivatives Acute Toxicity.	Bono Lucic
A Comparative Study of Iterative Solvers Exploiting Spectral Information for SPD Systems.	Luc Giraud
A Comparative Study of the Applied Methods for Estimating Deflection of the Vertical in Terrestrial Geodetic Measurements.	Luca Vittuari
A Comparison Between Foundations of Metrology and Software Measurement.	Luca Mari
A Comparison Between Hardware Accelerators for the Modified Tate Pairing over F2m and F3m.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Comparison Between a Geometrical and an ANN Based Method for Retinal Bifurcation Points Extraction.	Lucia Cariello
A Comparison between CODYRUN and TRNSYS, simulation models for thermal buildings behaviour	Franck Lucas
A Comparison of Affine Region Detectors.	Luc J. Van Gool
A Comparison of Machine Learning Methods for the Diagnosis of Pigmented Skin Lesions.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A Comparison of Models for Fusion of the Auditory and Visual Sensors in Speech Perception.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
A Comparison of Probabilistic, Possibilistic and Evidence Theoretic Fusion Schemes for Active Object Recognition.	Lucas Paletta
A Comparison of Procedures for Controlling the False Discovery Rate in the Presence of Small Variance Genes: A Simulation Study.	Luc Bijnens
A Complete Axiomatization of Timed Bisimulation for a Class of Timed Regular Behaviours.	Luca Aceto
A Complete Equational Axiomatization for MPA with String Iteration.	Luca Aceto
A Complete Procedure for Crop Phenology Estimation With PolSAR Data Based on the Complex Wishart Classifier.	Lucio Mascolo
A Complete Processing Chain for Shadow Detection and Reconstruction in VHR Images.	Luca Lorenzi
A Complete and Efficiently Computable Topological Classification of D-dimensional Linear Cellular Automata over Zm.	Luciano Margara
A Complex Automata approach for in-stent restenosis: Two-dimensional multiscale modelling and simulations.	Jean-Luc Falcone
A Complex Networks Approach for Data Clustering	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A Complex Systems Science Approach to Healthcare Costs and Quality	Luci K. Leykum
A Component-Based Software Engineering Environment.	Daniel Lucrédio
A Compositional Approach to the Stochastic Dynamics of Gene Networks.	Luca Cardelli
A Comprehensive Approach to 'Now' in Temporal Relational Databases: Semantics and Representation.	Luca Anselma
A Comprehensive Approach to 'Now' in Temporal Relational Databases: Semantics and Representation.	Luca Piovesan
A Comprehensive Reinforcement Learning Framework for Dialogue Management Optimization.	Lucie Daubigney
A Comprehensive Review of Serious Games in Health Professions.	Lucio Tommaso De Paolis
A Comprehensive Survey of Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.	Lucian Busoniu
A Computational Clonal Analysis of the Developing Mouse Limb Bud.	Luciano Marcon
A Computational Geometry Approach for Localization and Tracking in GPS-denied Environments.	Lucas de Paula Veronese
A Computational Methodology for Assessing the Time-Dependent Structural Performance of Electric Road Infrastructures.	Luca Zanotti Fragonara
A Computer Vision System for Attention Mapping in SLAM based 3D Models	Lucas Paletta
A Computer-Based Learning System for Remote Manipulator Control.	Luigi F. Lucaccini
A Conceptual Framework for Agent Definition and Development.	Michael Luck
A Conceptual Image-Based Data Glove for Computer-Human Interaction.	Luciana P. Nedel
A Concurrent Calculus with Atomic Transactions	Lucia Acciai
A Configurable Mixed-Signal Architecture for Label-Free Smart Biosensor Applications.	Lucia Bissi
A Configurable System for the Construction of Adaptive Virtual Stores.	Luca Console
A Conjecture on Continued Fractions.	Aldo de Luca
A Conjugate-Cyclic-Autocorrelation Projection-Based Algorithm for Signal Parameter Estimation.	Luciano Izzo
A Connotative Space for Supporting Movie Affective Recommendation.	Luca Canini
A Constrained Particle Swarm Optimization Approach for Test Case Selection.	Luciano S. de Souza
A Constraint Optimization Approach for the Allocation of Multiple Search Units in Search and Rescue Operations.	Luc Lamontagne
A Constraint Programming Scheduler for Heterogeneous High-Performance Computing Machines.	Luca Benini
A Contention/Reservation Access Protocol for Speech and Data Integration in TDMA-Based Advanced Mobile Systems.	Luciano Lenzini
A Contribution to the Theory of Program Testing.	Luc Bougé
A Convergent Hybrid Decomposition Algorithm Model for SVM Training.	Stefano Lucidi
A Coprocessor for the Final Exponentiation of the etaT Pairing in Characteristic Three.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Corpus and Evaluation Framework for Deeper Understanding of Commonsense Stories.	Lucy Vanderwende
A Correlation-Based Distance	Jean-Luc Falcone
A Cost Effective and Preventive Approach to Avoid Integration Faults Caused by Mistakes in Distribution of Software Components.	Luciano Lucindo Chaves
A Cost-Effective 10-Bit D/A Converter for Digital-Input MOEMS Micromirror Actuation.	Luca Fanucci
A Cost-Effective SDR Platform for Performance Characterization of RFID Tags.	Luciano Tarricone
A Cost-Effective SDR Platform for Performance Characterization of RFID Tags.	Luca Catarinucci
A Covering Projection for Robot Navigation under Strong anisotropy.	Luca Costa
A Cramér-Rao Bound Characterization of the EM-Algorithm Mean Speed of Convergence.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Critical Comparison Among Pansharpening Algorithms.	Lucien Wald
A Critical Comparison Among Pansharpening Algorithms.	Luciano Alparone
A Cross-Layer Approach to Minimize the Energy Consumption in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Catarinucci
A Cross-Layer Approach to Minimize the Energy Consumption in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Mainetti
A Cryptosystem for Multiple Communication.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Current Source for Picoammeter Calibration.	Luca Callegaro
A Cyber-Physical Systems Approach to Data Center Modeling and Control for Energy Efficiency.	Luca Parolini
A DC current transformer for large bandwidth and high common-mode rejection.	Luca Ghislanzoni
A DDS-based middleware for scalable tracking, communication and collaboration of mobile nodes.	Lucas Alves
A DEA model for the efficiency evaluation of nondominated paths on a road network.	Dorotea De Luca Cardillo
A DIRECT-based approach exploiting local minimizations for the solution of large-scale global optimization problems.	Stefano Lucidi
A DIRECT-type approach for derivative-free constrained global optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
A Data Management Middleware for ITS Services in Smart Cities.	Luca Carafoli
A Data-directed Approach to Program Construction.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Decentralized Damage Detection System for Wireless Sensor and Actuator Networks.	Luci Pirmez
A Decidable Notion of Timed Non-Interference.	Luca Tesei
A Decision Support System to design modified atmosphere packaging for fresh produce based on a bipolar flexible querying approach.	Luc Menut
A Declarative Framework for Linking Entities.	Lucian Popa
A Decomposition Algorithm for Network Reliability Evaluation.	Corinne Lucet
A Deep Connection Between the Vapnik-Chervonenkis Entropy and the Rademacher Complexity.	Luca Oneto
A Definition of a Nonprobabilistic Entropy in the Setting of Fuzzy Sets Theory	Aldo de Luca
A Depth Space Approach for Evaluating Distance to Objects - with Application to Human-Robot Collision Avoidance.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
A Derandomized Switching Lemma and an Improved Derandomization of AC0.	Luca Trevisan
A Derivative-Free Algorithm for Bound Constrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
A Derivative-Free Algorithm for Constrained Global Optimization Based on Exact Penalty Functions.	Stefano Lucidi
A Derivative-Free Algorithm for Inequality Constrained Nonlinear Programming via Smoothing of an linfty Penalty Function.	Stefano Lucidi
A Derivative-Free Algorithm for Linearly Constrained Finite Minimax Problems.	Stefano Lucidi
A Descriptive Auction Language.	Stefan Luckner
A Descriptive Model of Information Systems in the Context of the Organization.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A Design Methodology for MOS Current-Mode Logic Frequency Dividers.	Luca Selmi
A Design Rationale Based Environment for Cooperative Maintenance.	Andrea De Lucia
A Design Study of Direct-Touch Interaction for Exploratory 3D Scientific Visualization.	Luc Pastur
A Dialog-Based Architecture for Interactive Information Systems.	Luc Gratton
A Differential Evolution algorithm to deal with box, linear and quadratic-convex constraints for boundary optimization.	Luciano Stefanini
A Diffusion Model for Rarefied Flows in Curved Channels.	Luc Mieussens
A Digitally Assisted Current Comparator Bridge for Impedance Scaling at Audio Frequencies.	Luca Callegaro
A Direct Symbolic Execution of SQL Code for Testing of Data-Oriented Applications.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
A Discrete Invitation to Quantum Filtering and Feedback Control.	Luc Bouten
A Discrete-Time Single-Parameter Combined Feedforward/Feedback Adaptive-Delay Algorithm With Applications to Piezo-Based Raster Tracking.	Lucy Y. Pao
A Distributed Mechanism for Power Saving in IEEE 802.11 Wireless LANs.	Luciano Bononi
A Distributed Model Predictive Control Strategy for Back-to-Back Converters.	Luca Tarisciotti
A Distributed Technique for Localization of Agent Formations From Relative Range Measurements.	Luca Carlone
A Distributed VLSI Architecture for Efficient Signal and Data Processing.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A Distributive Lattice Structure Connecting Dyck Paths, Noncrossing Partitions and 312-avoiding Permutations.	Luca Ferrari
A Dither-Less All Digital PLL for Cellular Transmitters.	Luca Vercesi
A Dither-Less All Digital PLL for Cellular Transmitters.	Luca Fanori
A Division Property of the Fibonacci Word.	Aldo de Luca
A Double-Stage Kalman Filter for Orientation Tracking With an Integrated Processor in 9-D IMU.	Luca Fanucci
A Dublin core application profile for documenting analysis patterns in a reuse infrastructure.	Lucas Francisco da Matta Vegi
A Dynamic Model of Cracks Development Based on a 3D Discrete Shrinkage Volume Propagation.	Laurent Lucas
A Dynamic Network Formation Model for Understanding Bacterial Self-Organization into Micro-Colonies.	Luca Canzian
A Dynamic Query Processing Architecture for Data Integration Systems.	Luc Bouganim
A Dynamic Security Framework for Ambient Intelligent Systems: A Smart-Home Based eHealth Application.	Luca Compagna
A Dynamic Tradeoff Between Active and Passive Corruptions in Secure Multi-Party Computation.	Christoph Lucas
A Dynamic and Differential CMOS Lookup Table with Data-Independent Power Consumption for Cryptographic Applications on Chip Cards.	Luca Giancane
A FPGA Core Generator for Embedded Classification Systems.	Luca Carlino
A Family of Global Stabilizers for Quasi-Optimal Control of Planar Linear Saturated Systems.	Luca Zaccarian
A Family of Rank Similarity Measures Based on Maximized Effectiveness Difference.	Luchen Tan
A Family of Rank Similarity Measures based on Maximized Effectiveness Difference.	Luchen Tan
A Fast Active Set Block Coordinate Descent Algorithm for $\ell_1$-regularized least squares.	Stefano Lucidi
A Fast Active Set Block Coordinate Descent Algorithm for ℓ1-Regularized Least Squares.	Stefano Lucidi
A Fast Incremental Hypervolume Algorithm.	Lucas Bradstreet
A Fast Way of Calculating Exact Hypervolumes.	Lucas Bradstreet
A Fast and Accurate Feature-Matching Algorithm for Minimally-Invasive Endoscopic Images.	Gian Luca Mariottini
A Fast and Accurate Nonlinear Spectral Method for Image Recognition and Registration	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A Fast and Accurate Technique for Mapping Parallel Applications on Stream-Oriented MPSoC Platforms with Communication Awareness.	Luca Benini
A Faster Computation of All the Best Swap Edges of a Shortest Paths Tree.	Luciano Gualà
A Faster Linear Systolic Algorithm for Recovering a Longest Common Subsequence.	Guillaume Luce
A Fault-Tolerant Directory Service for Mobile Agents based on Forwarding Pointers.	Luc Moreau
A Feasible Active Set Method with Reoptimization for Convex Quadratic Mixed-Integer Programming.	Stefano Lucidi
A Feedback-Based Approach to DVFS in Data-Flow Applications.	Luca Benini
A Feedforward 10times CMOS Current-Ripple Suppressor for Switching Power Supplies.	Lucas Andrew Milner
A Finite Element Technique for Solving First-Order PDEs in Lp.	Jean-Luc Guermond
A Finite Equational Base for CCS with Left Merge and Communication Merge	Luca Aceto
A First Assessment of the SMOS Soil Moisture Product With In Situ and Modeled Data in Italy and Luxembourg.	Luca Brocca
A First Order Logic for Partial Functions.	Francisca Lucio-Carrasco
A First-Order Leak-Free Masking Countermeasure.	Jean-Luc Danger
A Flip-Flop for the DPA Resistant Three-Phase Dual-Rail Pre-Charge Logic Family.	Luca Giancane
A Fly-Inspired Mushroom Bodies Model for Sensory-Motor Control Through Sequence and Subsequence Learning.	Luca Patané
A Food Recognition System for Diabetic Patients Based on an Optimized Bag-of-Features Model.	Luca Scarnato
A Formal Account of the Open Provenance Model.	Luc Moreau
A Formal Definition of Time in LOTOS.	Luc Léonard
A Formal Description of Evolving Software Systems Architectures.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Formal Framework for Web Services Coordination.	Roberto Lucchi
A Formal MIM Specification and Tools for the Common Exchange of MIM Diagrams: an XML-Based Format, an API, and a Validation Method.	Lucas Chang
A Formal Model for Video Shot Segmentation and its Application via Animate Vision.	Lucio Sansone
A Formal Proof of the Optimal Frame Setting for Dynamic-Frame Aloha With Known Population Size.	Luca Barletta
A Formal Semantics for Sequence Diagrams and a Strategy for System Analysis.	Lucas Lima
A Foundation for Metareasoning Part I: The Proof Theory.	Luciano Serafini
A Foundation for Metareasoning Part II: The Model Theory.	Luciano Serafini
A Four-Quadrant Thrust Estimation Scheme for Marine Propellers: Theory and Experiments.	Luca Pivano
A Fractionally Spaced Decision Feedback Joint Detection Proposal for Multi Carrier CDMA.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Framework for Dataset Benchmarking and Its Application to a New Movie Rating Dataset.	Luc Martens
A Framework for Evaluating Complex Networks Measurements.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A Framework for Generic Error Handling in Business Processes.	Roberto Lucchi
A Framework for Geometric Analysis of Vascular Structures: Application to Cerebral Aneurysms.	Luca Antiga
A Framework for Improving the Multi-Device User Experience in Smart Cities.	Luca Frosini
A Framework for Modeling and Estimating the Energy Dissipation of VLIW-Based Embedded Systems.	Luca Benini
A Framework for Modeling the Distributed Deployment of Synchronous Designs.	Luca P. Carloni
A Framework for Reproducible, Interactive Research: Application to health and social sciences	Luciano de Andrade
A Framework for Reverse Engineering Large C++ Code Bases.	Lucian Voinea
A Framework for the Calibration of Social Simulation Models.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
A Frequency Domain Technique Based on Energy Radial Projections for Robust Estimation of Global 2D Affine Transformations.	Luca Lucchese
A Frequency Domain Technique Based on Energy Radial Projections for Robust Estimation of Global 2D Affine Transformations: Volume 81(1): 72-116 (2001).	Luca Lucchese
A Frequency Domain Technique for Range Data Registration.	Luca Lucchese
A Fully Equational Proof of Parikh's Theorem.	Luca Aceto
A Fully Integrated Wireless Compressed Sensing Neural Signal Acquisition System for Chronic Recording and Brain Machine Interface.	Timothy H. Lucas
A Functorial Framework for Constraint Normal Logic Programming.	Paqui Lucio
A Fundamental Effect in Computations on Real Numbers.	Horst Luckhardt
A Further Step Towards Participatory Modelling. Fostering Stakeholder Involvement in Designing Models by Using Executable UML.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Fuzzy Associative Classification Approach for Recommender Systems.	Joel Pinho Lucas
A Fuzzy Control Algorithm for the Electronic Stability Program optimized for tyre burst control	Luca Piancastelli
A Fuzzy Integral Ensemble Method in Visual P300 Brain-Computer Interface.	Lucia Rita Quitadamo
A Fuzzy Kernel Motion Classifier for Autonomous Stroke Rehabilitation.	Luca Liparulo
A Fuzzy Quantity Mean-Variance View and Its Application to a Client Financial Risk Tolerance Model.	Luca Anzilli
A GPU-Based Parallel-Agent Optimization Approach for the Service Coverage Problem in UMTS Networks.	Lucas Benedicic
A GRASS GIS parallel module for radio-propagation predictions.	Lucas Benedicic
A GRASS GIS parallel module for radio-propagation predictions.	Lucas Benedicic
A Gallery of Chaotic oscillators Based on HP memristor.	Lucia Valentina Gambuzza
A Game-Theoretic Approach for Energy-Efficient Contention-Based Synchronization in OFDMA Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
A Game-Theoretic Approach for Regulating Hazmat Transportation.	Lucio Bianco
A Gauss-Newton Method for the Synthesis of Periodic Outputs With Central Pattern Generators.	Luca Consolini
A Gene Expression Programming Algorithm for Multi-Label Classification.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
A General Approach to High-Level Energy and Performance Estimation in System-on-Chip Architectures.	Luca Bolognino
A General Framework for Geometry-Driven Evolution Equations.	Luc Florack
A General Framework for Structured Sparsity via Proximal Optimization	Luca Baldassarre
A General Interference-Aware Framework for Joint Routing and Link Scheduling in Wireless Mesh Networks.	Luciano Lenzini
A General Theory of Extremals.	Lucien W. Neustadt
A Generalization of Repetition Threshold	Lucian Ilie
A Generalized Radar Backscattering Model Based on Wave Theory for Multilayer Multispecies Vegetation.	Richard M. Lucas
A Generative Model of Natural Texture Surrogates.	Lucas Theis
A Generic Framework for Extracting XML Data from Legacy Databases.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
A Genetic Algorithms Based Approach for Group Multicast Routing.	Luca Sanna Randaccio
A Geometric Definition of rotational stiffness and damping Applied to Impedance Control of Parallel robots.	Luca E. Bruzzone
A Geometric Terrain Methodology for Global Optimization.	A. Lucia
A Geometrical Data-Parallel Language.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A Geospatial Cyberinfrastructure for Urban Economic Analysis and Spatial Decision-Making.	Luc Anselin
A Ghost Fluid/Level Set Method for boiling flows and liquid evaporation: Application to the Leidenfrost effect.	Lucia Rueda Villegas
A Gibbs Markov random field model for active imaging at microwave frequencies.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Global Glance on Categories in Logic.	Odilon Otavio Luciano
A Graph Grammar to Transform a Dataflow Graph into a Multithread Graph and its Application in Task Scheduling.	Luciana Foss
A Graphical Representation for Biological Processes in the Stochastic pi-Calculus.	Luca Cardelli
A Greedy Algorithm Estimating the Height of Random Trees.	Tomasz Luczak
A Grid-based solution for management and analysis of microarrays in distributed experiments.	Luca Corradi
A Grid-enabled web portal for NMR structure refinement with AMBER.	Lucio Ferella
A Heuristic Algorithm for Track-Before-Detect With Thresholded Observations in Radar Systems.	Luca Venturino
A Hierarchical Bayesian Model for Crowd Emotions.	Lucio Marcenaro
A Hierarchical Symmetric Stereo Algorithm Using Dynamic Programming.	Luc J. Van Gool
A High Temperature Frequency Signal Conditioning Unit for Aeronautical Rotating Systems.	Lucian-Vasile Stoica
A High-End Real-Time Digital Film Processing Reconfigurable Platform.	Amilcar do Carmo Lucas
A High-Performance Triple Patterning Layout Decomposer with Balanced Density.	Kevin Lucas
A High-Speed Oscillator-Based Truly Random Number Source for Cryptographic Applications on a Smart Card IC.	Lucia Germani
A High-Speed Permanent-Magnet Machine for Fault-Tolerant Drivetrains.	Luca Papini
A High-Throughput Hardware Architecture for the H.264/AVC Half-Pixel Motion Estimation Targeting High-Definition Videos.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
A Higher-Order Cheeger's Inequality	Luca Trevisan
A Histogram-Based Segmentation Method for Wideband Spectrum Sensing in Cognitive Radios.	Luca De Vito
A History of Until	Luca Viganò 0001
A History of Until.	Luca Viganò 0001
A Hough-Based Matching of 2D Line Segments in a Monocular Image Sequence.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Hybrid Binary Multi-objective Particle Swarm Optimization with Local Search for Test Case Selection.	Luciano S. de Souza
A Hybrid Genetic-Neural System for Predicting Protein Secondary Structure.	Luciano Milanesi
A Hybrid Heuristic for an Inventory Routing Problem.	Luca Bertazzi
A Hybrid Single-Carrier/Multicarrier Transmission Scheme with Power Allocation.	Luc Féy
A Hybrid and Modular Framework for Mobile Campus Applications.	Ulrike Lucke
A Java software for calculating mean breath-by-breath variability in gas exchange parameters: Application in young cardiac patients with exercise-related periodic breathing.	Luc Mertens
A Joint Allocation, Assignment and Admission Control (AAA) Framework for Next Generation Networks.	Andrei Lucian Stefan
A Journey through Virtual and Augmented Reality - Reviewing the SVR Symposia from 2004 to 2008.	Luciano P. Soares
A Lagrangian VOF tensorial penalty method for the DNS of resolved particle-laden flows.	Jean-Luc Estivalezes
A Lamarckian Hybrid Grouping Genetic Algorithm with repair heuristics for resource assignment in WCDMA networks.	Lucas Cuadra
A Lanczos-type algorithm for the QR factorization of regular Cauchy matrices.	Luca Gemignani
A Language with Distributed Scope.	Luca Cardelli
A Laterally Interconnected Neural Architecture in MST Accounts for Psychophysical Discrimination of Complex Motion Patterns.	Lucia M. Vaina
A Lattice-Based Approach to the Problem of Recruitment in Multiagent Systems.	Luca Continanza
A Layered Trust Information Security Architecture.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
A Layout-Aware Analysis of Networks-on-Chip and Traditional Interconnects for MPSoCs.	Luca Benini
A Lazy Concurrent List-Based Set Algorithm.	Victor Luchangco
A Learning Strategy for the Autonomous Control of Type 1 Diabetes.	Mario Luca Fravolini
A Legendre-Fourier spectral method with exact conservation laws for the Vlasov-Poisson system.	Gian Luca Delzanno
A Line Segment Based Approach for 3D Motion Estimation and Tracking of Multiple Objects.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Linear Algorithm to Determine Minimal Spanning Forests in Chain Graphs.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Linear Image Reconstruction Framework Based on Sobolev Type Inner Products.	Luc Florack
A Linear Round Lower Bound for Lovasz-Schrijver SDP Relaxations of Vertex Cover.	Luca Trevisan
A Linear-Time Algorithm for the Generation of Trees.	Jean-Luc Remy
A Linesearch-Based Derivative-Free Approach for Nonsmooth Constrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
A Link between Nano- and Classical Thermodynamics: Dissipation Analysis (The Entropy Generation Approach in Nano-Thermodynamics).	Umberto Lucia
A Local A Posteriori Error Estimator Based on Equilibrated Fluxes.	R. Luce
A Local Perspective on Community Structure in Multilayer Networks.	Lucas G. S. Jeub
A Location-Aware Architecture for an IoT-Based Smart Museum.	Luca Mainetti
A Logical Architecture for Active Network Management.	Luca Gatani
A Logical Framework for Evolving Software Systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Logical Model Provides Insights into T Cell Receptor Signaling.	Luca Simeoni
A Logical Theory of Interfaces and Objects.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Logit Model with a Variable Response and Predictors on an Ordinal Scale to Measure Customer Satisfaction.	Amedeo De Luca
A Long-Term Model of the Glucose-Insulin Dynamics of Type 1 Diabetes.	Lucy Chaillous
A Look into the Future Impact of ICT on Our Lives.	Luciano Floridi
A Low-Area Unified Hardware Architecture for the AES and the Cryptographic Hash Function ECHO.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Low-Area Unified Hardware Architecture for the AES and the Cryptographic Hash Function Grøstl.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Low-Complexity Scheme for Frequency Estimation in Uplink OFDMA Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
A Low-Cost Microwave Radiometer for the Detection of Fire in Forest Environments.	Luca Roselli
A Low-Energy Reconfigurable Fabric for the SuperCISC Architecture.	Joshua M. Lucas
A Low-Energy Wide SIMD Architecture with Explicit Datapath.	Luc Waeijen
A Low-Power Architecture for Punctured Compressed Sensing and Estimation in Wireless Sensor-Nodes.	Luca Benini
A Low-Power Stand-Alone Adaptive Circuit for Harvesting Energy From a Piezoelectric Micropower Generator.	Luc Frechette
A Lyapunov inequality for a second order nonlinear differential equation.	Lucas Jódar
A Lyapunov method for stability analysis of piecewise-affine systems over non-invariant domains.	Luca Zaccarian
A MDA Approach for Navigational and User Perspectives.	Luca Cernuzzi
A MDE-Based Approach for Developing Multi-Agent Systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A MILP (Mixed Integer Linear Programming) decomposition solution to the scheduling of heavy oil derivatives in a real-world pipeline.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
A Machine-Processable Dublin Core Application Profile to Analysis Patterns to provide Linked Data.	Lucas Francisco da Matta Vegi
A Manifesto for Agent Technology: Towards Next Generation Computing.	Michael Luck
A Map-Reduce based parallel approach for improving query performance in a geospatial semantic web for disaster response.	Luc Anselin
A Marketplace-Based Approach to Demand-Side Management in the Smart Grid.	Javier Lucio Ruiz-Andino
A Markov Chain Model for the Decoding Probability of Sparse Network Coding.	Daniel E. Lucani
A Markov Modulated Characterization of Packetized Voice and Data Traffic and Related Statistical Multiplexer Performance.	David M. Lucantoni
A Markov Random Field Approach for Topology-Preserving Registration: Application to Object-Based Tomographic Image Interpolation.	Lucilio Cordero-Grande
A Mathematical Model of the Skype VoIP Congestion Control Algorithm.	Luca De Cicco
A Mathematical Programming Approach for the Solution of the Railway Yield Management Problem.	Stefano Lucidi
A Measure of Arbitrariness in Abductive Explanations.	Luciano Caroprese
A Measure of Arbitrariness in Abductive Explanations.	Luciano Caroprese
A Memetic Algorithm for staff scheduling problem in airport security service.	Corinne Lucet
A Memory Hierarchy Model Based on Data Reuse for Full-Search Motion Estimation on High-Definition Digital Videos.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
A Menagerie of NonFfinitely Based Process Semantics over BPA* - From Ready Simulation to Completed Traces.	Luca Aceto
A Metaheuristic Approach for Propagation-Model Tuning in LTE Networks.	Lucas Benedièiè
A Method for Minimizing the Number of Internal States in Incompletely Specified Sequential Networks.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Method for Routing Packets Across Multiple Paths in NoCs with In-Order Delivery and Fault-Tolerance Gaurantees.	Luca Benini
A Method for Transposing Externally Stored Matrices.	Lucio G. Delcaro
A Method for the Automatic Selection of Test Frequencies in Analog Fault Diagnosis.	Antonio Luchetta
A Method for the Selection of Prime Implicants.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Method for the Time-Varying Nonlinear Prediction of Complex Nonstationary Biomedical Signals.	Luca Faes
A Method of Software Evaluation: The Case of Programming Language Translators.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A Method to Better Account for Modulation Transfer Functions in ARSIS-Based Pansharpening Methods.	Lucien Wald
A Methodological Approach to an Extensive Analysis of DQDB Performance and Fairness.	Luciano Lenzini
A Methodology Supporting the Design and Evaluating the Final Quality of Data Warehouses.	Lucio Ieronutti
A Methodology for Constraint-Driven Synthesis of On-Chip Communications.	Luca P. Carloni
A Methodology for Exposing Risk in Achieving Emergent System Properties.	Lucas Layman
A Methodology for the Performance Evaluation of Inertial Measurement Units.	Luca Bartolomeo
A Micro-Computed Tomography Technique to Study the Quality of Fibre Optics Embedded in Composite Materials.	Luc Van Hoorebeke
A Minimum Phase Output in the Exact Tracking Problem for the Nonminimum Phase Underactuated Surface Ship.	Luca Consolini
A Minimum Risk Approach for Path Planning of UAVs.	Luca de Filippis
A Mixed Convex/Nonconvex Distributed Localization Approach for the Deployment of Indoor Positioning Services.	Luca Geretti
A Mixed Finite Element-Finite Volume Formulation of the Black-Oil Model.	Luca Bergamaschi
A Mixed Interaction Platform for Supporting Large-Scale Crisis Storytelling.	Luca Lupo
A Mixed-Signal Embedded Platform for Automotive Sensor Conditioning.	Luca Fanucci
A Mobile Remote Lab System to Monitor in Situ Thermal Solar Installations.	Lucía Petrocelli
A Modal Logic for Fusing Partial Belief of Multiple Reasoners.	Luca Boldrin
A Model of Sequential Computation with Pipelines Access to Memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Model-Based Approach for Bridging Virtual and Physical Sensor Nodes in a Hybrid Simulation Framework.	Luciano Lavagno
A Model-Based, Semi-Global Segmentation Approach for Automatic 3-D Point Landmark Localization in Neuroimages.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
A Model-Driven Approach for Hybrid Power Estimation in Embedded Systems Design.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A Model-Driven Design Framework for Massively Parallel Embedded Systems.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A Model-Driven Domain-Specific Scripting Language for Measurement-System Frameworks.	Lucio Fiscarelli
A Model-Free Approach to Wind Farm Control Using Game Theoretic Methods.	Lucy Y. Pao
A Modeling Approach based on UML/MARTE for GPU Architecture	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A Modular Database Architecture Enabled to Comparative Sequence Analysis.	Luca Roversi
A Modular Multilevel Converter Pulse Generation and Capacitor Voltage Balance Method Optimized for FPGA Implementation.	Luc-Andre Gregoire
A Modular Shared L2 Memory Design for 3-D Integration.	Luca Benini
A Monte Carlo simulation approach to the availability assessment of multi-state systems with operational dependencies.	Luca Podofillini
A Motzkin filter in the Tamari lattice.	Jean-Luc Baril
A Multi Agent System approach for emergency intervention: experimental analysis and evaluation.	Luca Iocchi
A Multi-Engine Approach to Answer Set Programming.	Luca Pulina
A Multi-Sensor RSS Spatial Sensing-Based Robust Stochastic Optimization Algorithm for Enhanced Wireless Tethering.	Luca Molinari
A Multi-facet Approach to Dynamic Agent Systems.	Luca Bernardinello
A Multi-facet Approach to Dynamic Agent Systems.	Lucia Pomello
A Multi-objective Particle Swarm Optimization for Test Case Selection Based on Functional Requirements Coverage and Execution Effort.	Luciano S. de Souza
A Multilevel Fusion Approach to Object Identification in Outdoor Road Scenes.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Multilevel Gamma-Clustering Layout Algorithm for Visualization of Biological Networks.	Christoph Lucas
A Multilevel Modeling Approach for Online Learning and Classification of Complex Trajectories for Video Surveillance.	Lucia Lo Bello
A Multimodal Framework for Analyzing Websites as Cultural Expressions.	Luc Pauwels
A Multimodal Learning System for Individuals with Sensorial, Neuropsychological, and Relational Impairments.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Multiphysics Frequency-Dependent Model of an ${\rm IP}^{2}{\rm C}$ Actuator.	Viviana De Luca
A Multiple Criteria Decision-Making Approach to GIS-Based Land Suitability Evaluation.	Lucien Duckstein
A Multiplier Rule for Multiobjective Programming Problems with Continuous Data.	Dinh The Luc
A Multiresolution Approach to Iterative Reconstruction Algorithms in X-Ray Computed Tomography.	Luc Van Hoorebeke
A Multiscale Wavelet Data Treatment for Reliable Localization of Inflection Points for Analytical Purposes.	Luciano Farias de Almeida
A Multithreaded Sql Service.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A Multiuser MIMO Transmit Beamformer Based on the Statistics of the Signal-to-Leakage Ratio.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Nanosecond Monolithic TTL Gate.	R. L. Luce
A Near-Optimum Multiuser Receiver for STBC MC-CDMA Systems Based on Minimum Conditional BER Criterion and Genetic Algorithm-Assisted Channel Estimation.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Network Based Model for Traffic Sensor Location with Implications on O/D Matrix Estimates.	Lucio Bianco
A Neural Model for Context-dependent Sequence Learning.	Luc Berthouze
A Neurocomputational Model for Cocaine Addiction.	Caro Lucas
A New Approach To Speech Coding: the Neural Predictive Coding.	Jean-Luc Zarader
A New Approach to Numerical Solution of Defective Boundary Value Problems in Incompressible Fluid Dynamics.	Luca Formaggia
A New Approach to Optimization Under Monotonic Constraint.	Le Tu Luc
A New Approach to Rank Several Multivariate Normal Populations with Application to Life Cycle Assessment.	Luca Spadoni
A New Asymptotic Preserving Scheme Based on Micro-Macro Formulation for Linear Kinetic Equations in the Diffusion Limit.	Luc Mieussens
A New Calibration Methodology for Thorax and Upper Limbs Motion Capture in Children Using Magneto and Inertial Sensors.	Luca Ricci
A New Class of Functions for Measuring Solution Integrality in the Feasibility Pump Approach.	Stefano Lucidi
A New Duality Approach to Solving Concave Vector Maximization Problems.	Dinh The Luc
A New Fast Algorithm for Linearly Unmixing Hyperspectral Images.	Lucana Santos
A New Finite Difference Method For The Helmholtz Equation Using Symbolic Computation.	Richard Luczak
A New Formulation and Computational Results for the Simple Cycle Problem.	Abilio Lucena
A New Formulation for Spanning Trees.	Abilio Lucena
A New Iterative Method for the Computation of the Solutions of Nonlinear Equations.	R. Luceri
A New Lagrangian Based Branch and Bound Algorithm for the 0-1 Knapsack Problem.	Abilio Lucena
A New Linear Representation of Chemical Structures.	Luciana Quadrelli
A New Look at the Radar Detection Problem.	Luca Venturino
A New Lower Bound for Tree-Width Using Maximum Cardinality Search.	Brian Lucena
A New Memetic Algorithm for the Asymmetric Traveling Salesman Problem.	Luciana S. Buriol
A New Method for Transforming Timed Automata.	Lucien Ouedraogo
A New Method for the Characterization of Electronic Components Immunity.	Jean-Luc Levant
A New Method of Image Mosaicking and Its Application to Cultural Heritage Representation.	Luca Lucchese
A New Methodology for Multiscale Myocardial Deformation and Strain Analysis Based on Tagging MRI.	Luc Florack
A New Modulation for Intrinsically Secure Radio Channel in Wireless Systems.	Luca Simone Ronga
A New Multinomial Model and a Zero Variance Estimation.	Luciana Dalla Valle
A New Notion of Effective Resistance for Directed Graphs - Part I: Definition and Properties.	Luca Scardovi
A New Notion of Effective Resistance for Directed Graphs - Part II: Computing Resistances.	Luca Scardovi
A New Notion of Effective Resistance for Directed Graphs-Part I: Definition and Properties.	Luca Scardovi
A New Notion of Effective Resistance for Directed Graphs-Part II: Computing Resistances.	Luca Scardovi
A New Permutation Algorithm for Bubble Memories.	Fabrizio Luccio
A New Proposal Of Quasi-Solved Form For Equality Constraint Solving.	Paqui Lucio
A New Regularity Lemma and Faster Approximation Algorithms for Low Threshold Rank Graphs	Luca Trevisan
A New Regularity Lemma and Faster Approximation Algorithms for Low Threshold Rank Graphs.	Luca Trevisan
A New Reliability-Oriented Place and Route Algorithm for SRAM-Based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
A New Scheme for the Deterministic Simulation of PRAMs in VLSI.	Fabrizio Luccio
A New Security Testing Method and Its Application to the Secure Xenix Kernel.	Gary L. Luckenbaugh
A New Solution to Coherence Problems in Multicache Systems.	Lucien M. Censier
A New Steplength Selection for Scaled Gradient Methods with Application to Image Deblurring.	Luca Zanni
A New Strategy for Dynamic Weighing in Motion of Railway Vehicles.	Luca Pugi
A New Surface Plasmon Resonance-Based Immunoassay for Rapid, Reproducible and Sensitive Quantification of Pentraxin-3 in Human Plasma.	Jacopo Lucchetti
A New Tensorial Framework for Single-Shell High Angular Resolution Diffusion Imaging.	Luc Florack
A New Time Series Mining Approach Applied to Multitemporal Remote Sensing Imagery.	Luciana A. S. Romani
A New Timing Driven Placement Algorithm for Dependable Circuits on SRAM-based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
A New Version of the Price's Algorithm for Global Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
A Non-Minimal But Very Weak Axiomatization of Common Belief.	Luc Lismont
A Nonconservative Flow Field for Robust Variational Image Segmentation.	Luca Bertelli
A Noninvasive Resonance-Based Method for Moisture Content Evaluation Through Microstrip Antennas.	Luciano Tarricone
A Nonlinear Phenomenon on Self-Oscillating Current Controllers: The Indirect Synchronization.	Luc Loron
A Nonlinear Set Membership Approach for the Localization and Map Building of Underwater Robots.	Luc Jaulin
A Nonmystifying Approach to Artificial Neural Networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A Nonrigid Registration of MR Breast Images Using Complex-valued Wavelet Transform.	Luca T. Mainardi
A Nonrigid Registration of MR Breast Images Using Complex-valued Wavelet Transform.	Agnese Lucesoli
A Nordhaus-Gaddum-type result for the induced path number.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
A Normalization Formula for the Jack Polynomials in Superspace and an Identity on Partitions.	Luc Lapointe
A Note on 1-Locally Linear Languages	Luc Boasson
A Note on Deterministic Approximate Counting for k-DNF	Luca Trevisan
A Note on Finding Convex Hulls Via Maximal Vectors.	Luc Devroye
A Note on Interference in Random Point Sets	Luc Devroye
A Note on List Languages.	Luc Boasson
A Note on Minimum-Area Upward Drawing of Complete and Fibonacci Trees.	Luca Trevisan
A Note on Point Location in Delaunay Triangulations of Random Points.	Luc Devroye
A Note on Variable Length Codes	Aldo de Luca
A Note on a Conjecture of Duval and Sturmian Words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
A Note on r-Full Numbers of the Form l  m  + k.	Florian Luca
A Note on the Density of Sum-free Sets.	Tomasz Luczak
A Note on the Expected Time Required to Construct the Outer Layer.	Luc Devroye
A Note on the Expected Time for Finding Maxima by List Algorithms.	Luc Devroye
A Note on the Height of Suffix Trees.	Luc Devroye
A Note on the Horton-Strahler Number for Random Trees.	Luc Devroye
A Note on the Horton-Strahler Number for Random Trees.	Luc Devroye
A Note on the Probabilistic Analysis of Patricia Trees.	Luc Devroye
A Notion of Non-Interference for Timed Automata.	Luca Tesei
A Novel Actuator for Wearable Robots with Improved Torque Density and Mechanical Efficiency.	Nicola Lucchesi
A Novel Approach for Physical Layer Cryptography in Wireless Networks.	Luca Simone Ronga
A Novel Approach to Incremental Functional Diagnosis for Complex Electronic Boards.	Luca Cassano
A Novel Class of Algorithms for Timing Acquisition of Differential Transmitted Reference UWB Receivers: Architecture, Performance Analysis and System Design.	Luca Alfredo Annoni
A Novel Conceptual Model for Accessing Distributed Data and Applications, as well as Devices.	Lucia Terrenghi
A Novel Criterion of Wavelet Packet Best Basis Selection for Signal Classification With Application to Brain-Computer Interfaces.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
A Novel Dual-Core Architecture for the Analysis of DNA Microarray Images.	Luca Sterpone
A Novel Dynamic Programming Algorithm for Track-Before-Detect in Radar Systems.	Luca Venturino
A Novel Evolutionary Formulation of the Maximum Independent Set Problem.	Luciana C. D. Campos
A Novel Fault Tolerant and Runtime Reconfigurable Platform for Satellite Payload Processing.	Luca Sterpone
A Novel Handheld Device for Use in Remote Patient Monitoring of Heart Failure Patients - Design and Preliminary Validation on Healthy Subjects.	Luca Pollonini
A Novel Hybrid Method for the Correction of the Theoretical Model Inversion in Bio/Geophysical Parameter Estimation.	Luca Pasolli
A Novel IoT-aware Smart Parking System based on the integration of RFID and WSN technologies.	Luca Mainetti
A Novel Manufacturing Technology for RF MEMS Devices on Ceramic Substrates.	Luca Ferrari
A Novel Method for Removal of Emitter Noise in SAR Images.	Kevin Luc
A Novel Method for Selecting and Materializing Views based on OLAP Signatures and GRASP.	Lucídio dos Anjos Formiga Cabral
A Novel Methodology for Testing Hardware Security and Trust Exploiting On-Chip Power Noise Measurements (Extended Version).	Jean-Luc Danger
A Novel Methodology to Address the Internet AS-Level Data Incompleteness.	Luciano Lenzini
A Novel Methodology to Address the Internet AS-Level Data Incompleteness.	Luca Sani
A Novel Micro- and Nano-Scale Positioning Sensor Based on Radio Frequency Resonant Cavities.	Julio Lucas
A Novel Object-Oriented Software Cache for Scratchpad-Based Multi-Core Clusters.	Luca Benini
A Novel Portable Surface Plasmon Resonance Based Imaging Instrument for On-Site Multi-Analyte Detection.	Lucia Fornasari
A Novel Simulation Model for Coded OFDM in Doppler Scenarios.	Luca Rugini
A Novel Variational Method for Deriving Lagrangian and Hamiltonian Models of Inductor-Capacitor Circuits.	Luc Moreau
A Number and Its Totient Are Not Amicable: 10793.	Florian Luca
A Parallel Distributed Solver for Large Dense Symmetric Systems: Applications to Geodesy and Electromagnetism Problems.	Luc Giraud
A Parallel Full Geometric Multigrid Solver for Time Harmonic Maxwell Problems.	Luc Giraud
A Parallel Functional Language with First-Class Continuations. Programming Style and Semantics.	Luc Moreau
A Parallel Implementation of Automatic Differentiation for Partially Separable Functions. Using PVM.	Luigi De Luca
A Parallel Implementation of Automatic Differentiation for Partially Separable Functions. Using PVM.	Lucio Grandinetti
A Parallel Linear Octree Collision Detection Algorithm.	Benjamin J. Lucchesi
A Parallel List Update Problem.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Parallel Randomized Algorithm for Finding a Maximal Independent Set in a Linear Hypergraph.	Tomasz Luczak
A Parallel Simulated Annealing Algorithm.	Jean-Luc Lutton
A Parallel Solution Method for Large Sparse Systems of Equations.	Robert F. Lucas
A Parallel Tester Architecture for Accelerometer and Gyroscope MEMS Calibration and Test.	Luciano Marcigot
A Parallel Tester Architecture for Accelerometer and Gyroscope MEMS Calibration and Test.	Luciano Bonaria
A Parallelization of Miller's n^log n Isomorphism Technique.	Luc Teirlinck
A Parsing Methodology for the Implementation of Visual Systems.	Andrea De Lucia
A Particle Filtering Approach for Tracking an Unknown Number of Objects with Dynamic Relations.	Luca Cattelani
A Pattern-Mining Method for High-Throughput Lab-on-a-Chip Data Analysis.	Luca Benini
A Peptide Filtering Relation Quantifies MHC Class I Peptide Optimization.	Luca Cardelli
A Per-Unit Hardware-in-the-Loop Simulation of a Fuel Cell/Battery Hybrid Energy System.	Lucia Gauchia
A Performance-Energy Model to Evaluate Single Thread Execution Acceleration.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A Personal, Distributed Exposimeter: Procedure for Design, Calibration, Validation, and Application.	Luc Martens
A Perspective on Inductive Databases.	Luc De Raedt
A Persymmetric GLRT for Adaptive Detection in Partially-Homogeneous Environment.	Luciano Landi
A Petri Net Model of Granulomatous Inflammation: Implications for IL-10 Mediated Control of Leishmania donovani Infection.	Luca Albergante
A Petri Net Model of Handshake Protocols.	Luca Fossati
A Petri Net-Based Software Synchronizer for Automatic Measurement Systems.	Lucio Fiscarelli
A Phase Field Model for the Optimization of the Willmore Energy in the Class of Connected Surfaces.	Luca Mugnai
A Physical Particle Model of Morphogenesis.	Annie Luciani
A Picard Newton method to solve non linear airflow networks	Franck Lucas
A Piecewise-Linear Moment-Matching Approach to Parameterized Model-Order Reduction for Highly Nonlinear Systems.	Luca Daniel
A Pipelined Karatsuba-Ofman Multiplier over GF(397) Amenable for Pairing Computation.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Place for Presence. Understanding the Human Involvement in Mediated Interactive Environments.	Luciano Gamberini
A Platform for the Development and the Validation of HW IP Components Starting from Reference Software Specifications.	Christophe Lucarz
A Platform-Based Design Methodology With Contracts and Related Tools for the Design of Cyber-Physical Systems.	Luca Geretti
A Polynomial Algorithm for the Extendability Problem in Bipartite Graphs.	Luc Litzler
A Polynomial Time Algorithm for Recognizing Near-Bipartite Pfaffian Graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
A Polynomial-Time Algorithm for Max-Min Partitioning of Ladders.	Mario Lucertini
A Possibilistic Approach to Investment Decision Making.	Luca Anzilli
A Power-Scalable DCO for Multi-Standard GSM/WCDMA Frequency Synthesizers.	Luca Fanori
A Pragmatic Introduction to Machine Vision, by R. Jain, R. Kasturi and B. G. Schunck.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A Praxical Solution of the Symbol Grounding Problem.	Luciano Floridi
A Preconditioned Semi-Implicit Method for Magnetohydrodynamics Equations.	Jean-François Luciani
A Preliminary Study of a Diagonal Channel-Routing Model.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Primer on Provenance.	Lucian Carata
A Priori Anisotropic Mesh Adaptation on Implicitly Defined Surfaces.	Luca Formaggia
A Priori Error Analysis and Spring Arithmetic.	Luc Jaulin
A Priority-Aware Multichannel Adaptive Framework for the IEEE 802.15.4e-LLDN.	Lucia Lo Bello
A Probabilistic Analysis of Kademlia Networks.	Luc Devroye
A Probabilistic Analysis of the Height of Tries and of the Complexity of Triesort.	Luc Devroye
A Probabilistic Approach to Optical Flow based Super-Resolution.	Luc Van Gool
A Probabilistic Approach to the Dichotomy Problem.	Tomasz Luczak
A Probabilistic Calculus for Probabilistic Real-Time Systems.	Luca Santinelli
A Probabilistic Model for Face Transformation with Application to Person Identification.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A Probabilistic Model of Face Mapping with Local Transformations and Its Application to Person Recognition.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A Probabilistic Numerical Method for Optimal Multiple Switching Problems in High Dimension.	Luciano Campi
A Probabilistic Simulation of PRAMs on a Bounded Degree Network.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Procedure for Identifying the Best Skill Multimap in the Gain-Loss Model.	Luca Stefanutti
A Process Calculus of Atomic Commit.	Lucian Wischik
A Process Model of Actin Polymerisation.	Luca Cardelli
A Process Model of Rho GTP-binding Proteins in the Context of Phagocytosis.	Luca Cardelli
A Product Derivation Tool Based on Model-Driven Techniques and Annotations.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Prognostic Model for Estimating the Time to Virologic Failure in HIV-1 Infected Patients Undergoing a New Combination Antiretroviral Therapy Regimen.	Andrea De Luca
A Programmable Interface Circuit for an Ultralow Power Gas Sensor.	Lucia Bissi
A Proof of the Nonrestoring Division Algorithm and its Implementation on an ALU.	Luc J. M. Claesen
A Proof-Theoretic Account of Primitive Recursion and Primitive Iteration.	Luca Chiarabini
A Proposal for Semantic Map Representation and Evaluation.	Luca Iocchi
A Proposal to Expand the Community of Users Able to Process Historical Rainfall Data by Means of the Today Available Open Source Libraries.	Luca Finocchio
A Prototype Manufacturing Knowledge Base in Syllog.	Lucinda M. Palmer
A Proximal Iteration for Deconvolving Poisson Noisy Images Using Sparse Representations.	Jean-Luc Starck
A QM/MM study on the aqueous solvation of the tetrahydroxouranylate [UO2(OH)4]2- complex ion.	Lucas Visscher
A QoS-configurable failure detection service for internet applications.	Luciana Arantes
A Quadratic Assignment Formulation of the Graph Edit Distance.	Luc Brun
A Quadratic Regulator Problem Related to Identification Problems and Singular Systems.	Luciano Pandolfi
A Qualitative Modal Representation of Quantum Register Transformations	Luca Viganò 0001
A Quantitative Approach to Painting Styles.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A Quantitative Approach to the Design and Analysis of Collective Adaptive Systems for Smart Cities.	Luca Bortolussi
A Quasi-Convex Optimization Approach to Parameterized Model Order Reduction.	Luca Daniel
A Quasi-Robust Optimization Approach for Crew Rescheduling.	Lucas P. Veelenturf
A RESTFull interface for scalable agents based cloud services.	Luca Tasquier
A Railway Timetable Rescheduling Approach for Handling Large-Scale Disruptions.	Lucas P. Veelenturf
A Random-Matrix-Theory-Based Analysis of stocks of Markets from Different Countries.	Brian Lucey
A Randomized Version of Ramsey's Theorem.	Luca Gugelmann
A Range Image Sensor Based on 10-μm Lock-In Pixels in 0.18-μm CMOS Imaging Technology.	Lucio Pancheri
A Rank-k Update Procedure for Reorthogonalizing the Orthogonal Factor from Modified Gram-Schmidt.	Luc Giraud
A Reactive and Cycle-True IP Emulator for MPSoC Exploration.	Luca Benini
A Real-Time Automated Point-Process Method for the Detection and Correction of Erroneous and Ectopic Heartbeats.	Luca Citi
A Real-Time Hough-Based Method for Segment Detection in Complex Multisensor Images.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Real-time Implementation of the Dynamic Particle Coating Method on a GPU Architecture.	Annie Luciani
A Reappraisal of How to Build Modular, Reusable Models of Biological Systems.	Lucian P. Smith
A Receding Horizon Control Strategy for Autonomous Vehicles in Dynamic Environments.	Walter Lucia
A Reconfigurable 5-to-14 bit SAR ADC for Battery-Powered Medical Instrumentation.	Luca Benini
A Reconfigurable 5-to-14 bit SAR ADC for Battery-Powered Medical Instrumentation.	Luca Bettini
A Reconfigurable DT ΔΣ Modulator for Multi-Standard 2G/3G/4G Wireless Receivers.	Luca Bettini
A Reconfigurable Programmable Logic Block for a Multi-Style Asynchronous FPGA resistant to Side-Channel Attacks	Jean-Luc Danger
A Reengineering Framework for Evaluating a Financial Imaging System.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A Refined Algorithm for the etaT Pairing Calculation in Characteristic Three.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A Refinement Methodology for Clock Gating Optimization at Layout Level in Digital Circuits.	Jean-Luc Nagel
A Refinement Methodology for Clock Gating Optimization at Layout Level in Digital Circuits.	Luca Benini
A Reflection on Some Critical Aspects of Online Reading Comprehension.	Luciano Seta
A Regularized, Pyramidal Multi-grid Approach to Global 3D-Volume Digital Image Correlation Based on X-ray Micro-tomography.	Luca Galantucci
A Regularized, Pyramidal Multi-grid Approach to Global 3D-Volume Digital Image Correlation Based on X-ray Micro-tomography.	Luca Andena
A Relax-and-Cut algorithm for the set partitioning problem.	Abilio Lucena
A Remark on Prime Divisors of Lengths of Sides of Heron Triangles.	Florian Luca
A Remotely-Operated Facility for Evaluation of Post-Combustion CO2 Capture Technologies on Industrial Sites.	Mathieu Serge Lucquiaud
A Research Library Based on the Historical Collections of the Internet Archive.	Lucia Walle
A Resegmentation Approach for Detecting Rectangular Objects in High-Resolution Imagery.	Luciano Vieira Dutra
A Retinal Prosthesis Technology Based on CMOS Microelectronics and Microwire Glass Electrodes.	Lucienne Wasserman
A Review of Camera Viewpoint Automation in Robotic and Laparoscopic Surgery.	Nathan Lucas
A Review on the Interaction Issues in Agent-Based Marketplaces.	Jean-Luc Koning
A Riemannian Network for SPD Matrix Learning.	Luc Van Gool
A Riemannian scalar measure for diffusion tensor images.	Luc Florack
A Robust Criterion for the Modified Gram-Schmidt Algorithm with Selective Reorthogonalization.	Luc Giraud
A Robust Geometric Approach to Room Compensation for Sound Field Rendering.	Lucio Bianchi
A Robust Mechanism for Adaptive Scheduling of Multimedia Applications.	Luca Abeni
A Robust Ranging Scheme for OFDMA-Based Networks	Luca Sanguinetti
A Robust and Computational Characterisation of Peer-to-Peer Database Systems	Luciano Serafini
A Robust and Self-Paced BCI System Based on a Four Class SSVEP Paradigm: Algorithms and Protocols for a High-Transfer-Rate Direct Brain Communication.	Luca Maggi
A Route Planner Service with Recharging Reservation: Electric Itinerary with a Click.	Luciano Bononi
A Route Planner Service with Recharging Reservation: Electric Itinerary with a Click.	Luca Bedogni
A Rule-Based Approach to Framework Evolution.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Rule-Based Trust Negotiation System.	Juri Luca De Coi
A Runtime FPGA Placement and Routing Using Low-Complexity Graph Traversal.	Luciana Rocha
A SNMP-based platform for distributed stateful intrusion detection in enterprise networks.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
A SVD-based algorithm for dense Nonuniform fast Fourier Transform.	Luca De Marchi
A Sampling Decision System for Virtual Metrology in Semiconductor Manufacturing.	Cristina De Luca
A Satellite Approach to Estimate Land-Atmosphere hboxCO2 Exchange for Boreal and Arctic Biomes Using MODIS and AMSR-E.	Lucas Jones
A Scalable Big Stream Cloud Architecture for the Internet of Things.	Luca Davoli
A Scalable Newton--Krylov--Schwarz Method for the Bidomain Reaction-Diffusion System.	Luca F. Pavarino
A Scalable O(N) Algorithm for Large-Scale Parallel First-Principles Molecular Dynamics Simulations.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
A Scalable Video Search Engine Based on Audio Content Indexing and Topic Segmentation	Jean-Luc Gauvain
A Scalable and Self-Configuring Architecture for Service Discovery in the Internet of Things.	Luca Davoli
A Scalable and Self-Configuring Architecture for Service Discovery in the Internet of Things.	Luca Veltri
A Scaling Hypothesis for the Euclidean Bipartite Matching Problem.	Carlo Lucibello
A Search Strategy for Large Document Bases.	Dario Lucarella
A Second-Order Maximum Principle Preserving Lagrange Finite Element Technique for Nonlinear Scalar Conservation Equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
A Secure Asynchronous FPGA Architecture, Experimental Results and Some Debug Feedback	Jean-Luc Danger
A Secure Modified ID-Based Undeniable Signature Scheme.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
A Secure On-line Submission System.	Michael Luck
A Secure Online Key Establishment Scheme for Mobile Heterogeneous Sensor Networks.	Luciano Lavagno
A Self-Organizing Approach to Background Subtraction for Visual Surveillance Applications.	Lucia Maddalena
A Self-Organizing Spatial Vocabulary.	Luc Steels
A Self-Repairing Tree Topology Enabling Content-Based Routing in Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.	Luca Mottola
A Self-Taught Artificial Agent for Multi-Physics Computational Model Personalization.	Lucian Mihai Itu
A Semantic Basis for Quest.	Luca Cardelli
A Semantic Web ontology for context-based classification and retrieval of music resources.	Luca A. Ludovico
A Semantics of Multiple Inheritance	Luca Cardelli
A Semi-Analytical Method for Predicting the Performance and Convergence Behavior of a Multiuser Turbo-Equalizer/Demapper.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Sequence of Finite-Dimensional Controllers for Repetitive Control of Positive Real Systems.	Pasquale Lucibello
A Sequent Calculus and a Theorem Prover for Standard Conditional Logics	Gian Luca Pozzato
A Sequential, Implicit, Wavelet-Based Solver for Multi-Scale Time-Dependent Partial Differential Equations.	Lucy J. Campbell
A Service Approach for Architecting Application Independent Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luci Pirmez
A Service Oriented Architecture-based Approach for Interdomain Optical Network Services.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
A Service-Based Framework for Flexible Business Processes.	Luciano Baresi
A Service-oriented Process to Develop Web Applications.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A Set Partitioning Approach to the Crew Scheduling Problem.	Lucio Bianco
A Setup for the Performance Characterization and Traceable Efficiency Measurement of Magnetostrictive Harvesters.	Luca Callegaro
A Shifted-Barrier Primal-Dual Algorithm Model for Linearly Constrained Optimization Problems.	Stefano Lucidi
A Signal-Processing Pipeline for Magnetoencephalography Resting-State Networks.	Gian Luca Romani
A Silicon-Level Countermeasure Against Fault Sensitivity Analysis and Its Evaluation.	Jean-Luc Danger
A Simple Analytical Model for the BS Lifetime.	Luca Chiaraviglio
A Simple High-Speed Multiplier Design.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A Simple Optical Model for the Swelling Evaluation in Polymer Nanocomposites.	Maria Lucia Miglietta
A Simple and Accurate Algorithm for Barycentric Rational Interpolation.	Luc Knockaert
A Simple and Approximately Optimal Mechanism for an Additive Buyer.	Brendan Lucier
A Simplified Algorithm for Inverting Higher Order Diffusion Tensors.	Luc Florack
A Simulation Study for T0/T1 Data Replication and Production Activities	Lucian Musat
A Simulation Study to Derive the Optimal Cycle Length for Feeder Transit Services.	Luca Quadrifoglio
A Simulation Study to Improve Performance in the Preparation and Delivery of Antineoplastic Medications at a Community Hospital.	Paul Lucas
A Simulation-Based Multiobjective Optimization Approach for Health Care Service Management.	Luca Paulon
A Simulation-Based Multiobjective Optimization Approach for Health Care Service Management.	Stefano Lucidi
A Singular Perturbation Approach to a Recursive Deconvolution Problem.	Luciano Pandolfi
A Social Semantic Web Access Control Model.	Luca Costabello
A Sociological Perspective on the Reordering Problem in Multipath Routing.	Caro Lucas
A Soft Computing Approach For Epidemiological Studies of Coffee And Soybean Rusts.	Luciana Sanches Alves
A Software Architecture Enabling the Web of Things.	Luca Mainetti
A Software-Based Solution for Distributing and Displaying 3D UHD Films.	Lucenildo Lins Aquino Júnior
A Sound and Complete Axiomatization of Majority-n Logic.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
A Sound and Complete Axiomatization of Majority-n Logic.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
A Space-Aware Bytecode Verifier for Java Cards.	Luca Martini
A Spatial Data Infrastructure Integrating Multisource Heterogeneous Geospatial Data and Time Series: A Study Case in Agriculture.	Luca Frigerio
A Spatio-Frequency Trade-Off Scale for Scale-Space Filtering.	Luc Florack
A Specialized Data Management System For Parallel Execution of Particle Physics Codes.	Jean Luc Bell
A Specification Driven Slicing Process for Identifying Reusable Functions.	Andrea De Lucia
A Spectrum of Definitions for Temporal Model-Based Diagnosis.	Luca Console
A Speech Understanding System for Information Retrieval.	Luciano Fissore
A Sperner-Type Theorem for Set-Partition Systems.	Lucia Moura
A Spiking Neural Learning Classifier System	Pier Luca Lanzi
A Static View of Localities.	Luca Aceto
A Stochastic Approach for Automatic and Dynamic Modeling of Students' Learning Styles in Adaptive Educational Systems.	Luciano Vieira Lima
A Stochastic Heat Equation with Nonlinear Dissipation on the Boundary.	Luciano Tubaro
A Stochastic Newton MCMC Method for Large-Scale Statistical Inverse Problems with Application to Seismic Inversion.	Lucas C. Wilcox
A Stochastic Parabolic Equation with Nonlinear Flux on the Boundary Driven by a Gaussian Noise.	Luciano Tubaro
A Strengthening of Ben Rebea's Lemma.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
A Structural Systems Biology Approach for Quantifying the Systemic Consequences of Missense Mutations in Proteins.	Lucas Goehring
A Structure to Decide Reachability in Petri Nets.	Jean-Luc Lambert
A Structured Methodology for Measurement Development.	Luca Mari
A Structured Programming Experiment.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A Structured Stochastic Model for Prediction of Geological Stratal Stacking Patterns.	Luciana Espindola
A Study of Computer Use in a Graduate School of Business.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A Study of Deterministic Jitter in Crystal Oscillators.	Luca Daniel
A Study of Driver Behavior Under Potential Threats in Vehicle Traffic.	Lucas Malta
A Study of Patients' Attitudes to Computer Interrogation.	R. W. Lucas
A Subgradient-Like Algorithm for Solving Vector Convex Inequalities.	L. R. Lucambio Pérez
A Suitable Threshold for Speckle Reduction in Ultrasound Images.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
A Surface-Based Approach to Quantify Local Cortical Gyrification.	Lucas Tamarit
A Survey of Actor-Critic Reinforcement Learning: Standard and Natural Policy Gradients.	Lucian Busoniu
A Survey of Microprogram Verification and Validation Methods.	Anthony P. Lucido
A Survey of Monte Carlo Tree Search Methods.	Simon M. Lucas
A Survey of Urban Reconstruction.	Luc J. Van Gool
A Survey of Watermarking Algorithms for Image Authentication.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A Survey on Case-Based Planning.	Luca Spalzzi
A Survey on Distributed Visualization Techniques over Clusters of Personal Computers.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
A Survey on Energy-Aware Design and Operation of Core Networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
A Survey on FPGA-Based Sensor Systems: Towards Intelligent and Reconfigurable Low-Power Sensors for Computer Vision, Control and Signal Processing.	Lucas M. Poggi
A Survey on Intermediation Architectures for Underwater Robotics.	Néstor Lucas Martínez
A Survey on the Parallel Distributed Processing of Production Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A Switched-Inductor Integrated Voltage Regulator With Nonlinear Feedback and Network-on-Chip Load in 45 nm SOI.	Luca P. Carloni
A Symbolic Execution Algorithm for Constraint-Based Testing of Database Programs.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
A Synchronous and Deterministic MAC Protocol for Wireless Communications on Linear Topologies.	Pier Luca Montessoro
A Syntactic Theory of Dynamic Binding.	Luc Moreau
A System Computational Model of Implicit Emotional Learning.	Luca Puviani
A System for 3D Modeling Frescoed Historical Buildings with Multispectral Texture Information.	Luca Poletto
A System for Generating Reverse Engineering Tools: A Case Study of Software Modularisation.	Andrea De Lucia
A System for Generating Reverse Engineering Tools: A Case Study of Software Modularisation.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
A System for Integrated Visualization in Oil Exploration and Production.	Luciano P. Reis
A SystemC Refinement Methodology for Embedded Software.	Luc Filion
A Systematic Approach to Design Domain-Specific Software Architectures.	Daniel Lucrédio
A Systematic Review of Shared Sensor Networks.	Luci Pirmez
A TDR Method for Real-Time Monitoring of Liquids.	Luciano Tarricone
A Tabu search algorithm for the network pricing problem.	Luce Brotcorne
A Tagless Indoor Localization System Based on Capacitive Sensing Technology.	Luciano Lavagno
A Tailorable Infrastructure to Enhance Mobile Seamless Learning.	Luca Tateo
A Tale of Two Data-Intensive Paradigms: Applications, Abstractions, and Architectures.	André Luckow
A Technique For Removing Second-Order Light Effects From Hyperspectral Imaging Data.	Robert Lucke
A Technique for Simulating the Effect of Dose Reduction on Image Quality in Digital Chest Radiography.	Lucia J. M. Kroft
A Technique to Improve the Image Quality in Computer Tomography.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
A Temperature Compensated CMOS Ring Oscillator for Wireless Sensing Applications.	Jean-Luc Seguin
A Testability Measure for DC-Excited Periodically Switched Networks With Applications to DC-DC Converters.	Antonio Luchetta
A Testing Framework for P Systems	Luca Tesei
A Theoretical Analysis of the Effects of Aliasing and Misregistration on Pansharpened Imagery.	Luciano Alparone
A Theoretical Framework for Iterative Synchronization Based on the Sum-Product and the Expectation-Maximization Algorithms.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Theoretical Framework for Soft-Information-Based Synchronization in Iterative (Turbo) Receivers.	Luc Vandendorpe
A Theoretical Study of a Generalized Version of Kleinberg's HITS Algorithm.	Luca Pretto
A Theoretical and Numerical Comparison of Some Semismooth Algorithms for Complementarity Problems.	Tecla De Luca
A Theory and Implementation of Cognitive Mobile Robots.	Luca Iocchi
A Theory of Primitive Objects: Second-Order Systems.	Luca Cardelli
A Theory of Primitive Objects: Untyped and First-Order Systems.	Luca Cardelli
A Theory of Proportional Representation.	Jean-Luc Petit
A Three-Arm Current Comparator Bridge for Impedance Comparisons Over the Complex Plane.	Luca Callegaro
A Time-Consistent Video Segmentation Algorithm Designed for Real-Time Implementation.	Luc Brun
A Time-Interleaved Multimode ΔΣ RF-DAC for Direct Digital-to-RF Synthesis.	Lucas Duncan
A Track-Before-Detect Algorithm With Thresholded Observations and Closely-Spaced Targets.	Luca Venturino
A Tractable and Fast Method for Monitoring SystemC TLM Specifications.	Luca Ferro
A Translation from Object-Based Hypergraph Grammars into pi-Calculus.	Luciana Foss
A Tree Storage Scheme for Magnetic Bubble Memories.	Fabrizio Luccio
A Truncated Newton Algorithm for Large Scale Box Constrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
A Truncated Newton Method for the Solution of Large-Scale Inequality Constrained Minimization Problems.	Stefano Lucidi
A Tutorial on Modern Anti-windup Design.	Luca Zaccarian
A Tutorial on the Optimization of Amplify-and-Forward MIMO Relay Systems	Luca Sanguinetti
A Tutorial on the Optimization of Amplify-and-Forward MIMO Relay Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
A Two-Phase Algorithm for the Chebyshev Solution of Complex Linear Equations.	Lucas M. Venter
A Type System for Context-dependent Overloading.	Lucília Figueiredo
A Unified Framework for Tomlinson-Harashima Precoding in MC-CDMA and OFDMA Downlink Transmissions.	Luca Sanguinetti
A Unified Framework for Uncertainty, Compatibility Analysis, and Data Fusion for Multi-Stereo 3-D Shape Estimation.	Luca Baglivo
A Unified Monitoring Framework for Energy Consumption and Network Traffic.	Lucas Nussbaum
A Unified Signal Transition Graph Model for Asynchronous Control Circuit Synthesis.	Luciano Lavagno
A Uniform Multiscale Meta-model of BioShape.	Luca Tesei
A Unifying Framework for Mining Approximate Top- \(k\) Binary Patterns.	Claudio Lucchese
A Unifying Framework for Structural Properties of CSPs: Definitions, Complexity, Tractability.	Lucas Bordeaux
A Unifying Framework for Structural Properties of CSPs: Definitions, Complexity, Tractability.	Lucas Bordeaux
A Unifying Hierarchy of Valuations with Complements and Substitutes.	Brendan Lucier
A Unifying Hierarchy of Valuations with Complements and Substitutes.	Brendan Lucier
A Unifying Service Discipline for Providing Rate-Based Guaranteed and Fair Queuing Services Based on the Timed Token Protocol.	Luciano Lenzini
A Universal upper bound on Graph Diameter based on Laplacian Eigenvalues	Luca Trevisan
A User Interface Model for Navigation in Virtual Environments.	Lucio Mauro Duarte
A User-Oriented Approach for the Protection of Statistical Databases.	Henri Luchian
A VLSI Implementation of Low Power, Low Data Rate UWB Transceiver for Location and Tracking Applications.	Lucian-Vasile Stoica
A VLSI inner product macrocell.	Luca Breveglieri
A VLSI recurrent network of integrate-and-fire neurons connected by plastic synapses with long-term memory.	Luciana Carota
A Variable Effective Capacity Model for LiFePO4 Traction Batteries Using Computational Intelligence Techniques.	Luciano Sánchez
A Variance Reduced Stochastic Newton Method.	Aurélien Lucchi
A Variant of the Cramer-Shoup Cryptosystem for Groups with Unknwon Order.	Stefan Lucks
A Variation on the Zero-One Law.	Luc Longpré
A Variational Approach to the Inverse Photolithography Problem.	Luca Rondi
A Variational Framework for Multiregion Pairwise-Similarity-Based Image Segmentation.	Luca Bertelli
A Variational Method for Second Order Shape Derivatives.	Ilaria Lucardesi
A Variational Principle for Problems with Functional Constraints.	R. E. Lucchetti
A Versatile Embedded Platform for EMG Acquisition and Gesture Recognition.	Luca Benini
A Versatile Power Electronics Test-Bench Architecture Applied to Domestic Induction Heating.	Oscar Lucía
A View on Abstract and Extensibles Types.	Lucília Figueiredo
A Viewpoint Invariant, Sparsely Registered, Patch Based, Face Verifier.	Simon Lucey
A Virtual Learning Environment Development. Some Experiences at the University of La Plata.	Luciano Iglesias
A Vision Based System for Object Detection in Underwater Images.	Gian Luca Foresti
A Vision-Based Particle Tracking Velocimetry.	Maurizio De Lucia
A Visit to the Dresden Frauenkirche.	Luc Genevriez
A Visual Representation of Online Interaction Patterns.	Margarida Lucas
A Visual Retrieval Environment for Hypermedia Information Systems.	Dario Lucarella
A Viterbi decoder architecture for a standard-agile and reprogrammable transceiver.	Lucia Bissi
A Wasserstein Approach to the One-Dimensional Sticky Particle System.	Luca Natile
A Waveform Model for Near-Nadir Radar Altimetry Applied to the Cassini Mission to Titan.	Luca Festa
A Wavelet-Based Approach to Fall Detection.	Luca Palmerini
A Web-based and Grid-enabled dChip version for the analysis of large sets of gene expression data.	Luca Corradi
A Web-based system enabling the integration, analysis, and 3D sub-surface visualization of groundwater monitoring data and geological models.	Lucy Reading
A Weibull-based compositional approach for hierarchical dynamic fault trees.	Lucio Compagno
A Wiki for discussing and promoting best practices in research.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A Workload Manager Architecture for the Monitoring of Drivers' Cognitive Impairment.	Luca Minin
A Zone-Based Media Independent Information Service for IEEE 802.21 Networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
A balanced neural tree for pattern classification.	Gian Luca Foresti
A bandwidth request reiteration mechanism for IEEE 802.16 wireless networks.	Luciano Lenzini
A bandwidth reservation protocol for speech/data integration in TDMA-based advanced mobile systems.	Luciano Lenzini
A basic gesture and motion format for virtual reality multisensory applications	Annie Luciani
A biased random-key genetic algorithm for OSPF and DEFT routing to minimize network congestion.	Luciana S. Buriol
A biased random-key genetic algorithm for road congestion minimization.	Luciana S. Buriol
A bidimensional model of line-shuffling.	Luciano Tomba
A binary Hough transform and its efficient implementation in a systolic array architecture.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A biobjective decision model to increase security and reduce travel costs in the cash-in-transit sector.	Luca Talarico
A bioinspired autonomous swimming robot as a tool for studying goal-directed locomotion.	Luca Ascari
A biprocessor-oriented vision-based target tracking system.	Jean-Luc Famechon
A boundary element method to price time-dependent double barrier options.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
A bounded confidence approach to understanding user participation in peer production systems	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
A branch and bound algorithm for the robust shortest path problem with interval data.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A branch and bound algorithm for the robust spanning tree problem with interval data.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A branch and cut algorithm for the Steiner problem in graphs.	Abilio Lucena
A branch-and-Benders-cut method for nonlinear power design in green wireless local area networks.	Luca Tavanti
A brief review of the main approaches for treatment of missing data.	Luciana O. Silva
A calculated distribution for attenuation due to atmospheric absorption in the millimeter wave range.	Luca Pescosolido
A case for a duty to feed the hungry: GM plants and the third world.	Lucy Carter
A case for three-dimensional stacking of tightly coupled data memories over multi-core clusters using low-latency interconnects.	Luca Benini
A case study in computer-aided co-design of embedded controllers.	Luciano Lavagno
A cellular Potts model analyzing differentiated cell behavior during in vivo vascularization of a hypoxic tissue.	Luca Munaron
A cellular multi-objective genetic algorithm for optimal broadcasting strategy in metropolitan MANETs.	Luc Hogie
A centerless representation of the Virasoro algebra associated with the unitary circular ensemble.	Luc Haine
A characterization of PM-compact bipartite and near-bipartite graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
A characterization of Thompson digraphs.	Jean-Luc Ponty
A characterization of poly-slender context-free languages.	Lucian Ilie
A characterization of stable and Borel ideals.	Luciana Ramella
A characterization of the ordered weighted averaging functions based on the ordered bisymmetry property.	Jean-Luc Marichal
A chest radiograph scoring system in patients with severe acute respiratory infection: a validation study.	Lucy Modahl
A circle-preserving C2 Hermite interpolatory subdivision scheme with tension control.	Lucia Romani
A class of risk processes with reserve-dependent premium rate: sample path large deviations and importance sampling.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
A class of statistical and spectral distance measures based on Bose-Einstein statistics.	Luc Knockaert
A clone-theoretic formulation of the Erdös-Faber-Lovász conjecture.	Lucien Haddad
A cluster algorithm for lattice gauge theories.	Biagio Lucini
A clustering fuzzy approach for image segmentation.	Gian Luca Foresti
A clustering fuzzy approach for image segmentation.	Luca Lombardi
A co-operating neural approach for spacecrafts attitude control.	Costantino Lucisano
A coarse-to-fine algorithm for fast median filtering of image data with a huge number of levels.	Luciano Alparone
A codesign back-end approach for embedded system design.	Luc Bianco
A cognitive QoS management framework for WLANs.	Luc Martens
A cognitive neural architecture able to learn and communicate through natural language.	Giovanni Luca Masala
A coherence maximisation process for solving normative inconsistencies.	Michael Luck
A collaborative user-centered framework for recommending items in Online Social Networks.	Luca Greco 0001
A coloring problem for infinite words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
A coloring problem for infinite words.	Aldo de Luca
A column generation approach to high school timetabling modeled as a multicommodity flow problem.	Luciana S. Buriol
A comb method to render ECC resistant against Side Channel Attacks.	Lucien Bénéteau
A combination of Monte Carlo simulation and cellular automata for computing the availability of complex network systems.	Luca Podofillini
A combinatorial property of the factor poset of a word.	Aldo de Luca
A combinatorial theorem on p-power-free words and an application to semigroups.	Aldo de Luca
A combined CLP-MILP approach for scheduling commodities in a pipeline.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
A combined boundary integral and vortex method for the numerical study of three-dimensional fluid flow systems.	Anthony D. Lucey
A combined specification language and development framework for agent-based application engineering.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A comment on index register allocation.	Fabrizio Luccio
A common framework for anti-windup, bumpless transfer and reliable designs.	Luca Zaccarian
A communication mix for an event planning: a linear quadratic approach.	Luca Grosset
A community assessment of privacy preserving techniques for human genomes.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A comparative analysis of media processing component implementations for the Brazilian digital TV middleware.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
A comparative analysis of media processing component implementations for the Brazilian digital TV middleware.	Juliano Lucas Gonçalves
A comparative analysis of the strain-line pattern in the human left ventricle: experiments vs modelling.	Luciano Teresi
A comparative approach of four different image registration techniques for quantitative assessment of coronary artery calcium lesions using intravascular ultrasound.	Luca Saba
A comparative performance analysis of deadlock avoidance control algorithms for FMS.	Luca Ferrarini
A comparative study of the numerical approximation of the random Airy differential equation.	Lucas Jódar
A comparative study of various intelligent based controllers for speed control of IPMSM drives in the field-weakening region.	Caro Lucas
A comparison between chip fractional and non-fractional sampling for a direct sequence CDMA receiver.	Luc Vandendorpe
A comparison index for interval ordering based on generalized Hukuhara difference.	Luciano Stefanini
A comparison of ASCAT and SMOS soil moisture retrievals over Europe and Northern Africa from 2010 to 2013.	Luca Pulvirenti
A comparison of Filippov sliding vector fields in codimension 2.	Luca Dieci
A comparison of Intrusion Detection systems.	Lucas M. Venter
A comparison of index-based lempel-Ziv LZ77 factorization algorithms.	Lucian Ilie
A comparison of local parametric C0 Bézier interpolants for triangular meshes.	Lucia Romani
A comparison of models for predicting early hospital readmissions.	Joseph Lucas
A comparison of overlapping Schwarz methods and block preconditioners for saddle point problems.	Luca F. Pavarino
A comparison of several models for the hamiltonian p-median problem.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
A comparison of software platforms for wireless sensor networks: MANTIS, TinyOS, and ZigBee.	Luciano Lavagno
A comparison of two Crame'r-Rao bounds for nonlinear filtering with Pd<1.	Luca Timmoneri
A comparison of wavelet, ridgelet, and curvelet-based texture classification algorithms in computed tomography.	Lucia Dettori
A comparison study of binary multi-objective Particle Swarm Optimization approaches for test case selection.	Luciano S. de Souza
A complete classification of the expressiveness of interval logics of Allen's relations: the general and the dense cases.	Luca Aceto
A complete model of E2PROM memory cells for circuit simulations.	Luca Larcher
A completion of Lu's determination of the spectrum for large sets of disjoint Steiner triple systems.	Luc Teirlinck
A complex network approach to cloud computing.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A complex network approach to text summarization.	Lucas Antiqueira
A complex network approach to text summarization.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A complexity analysis of bisimilarity for value-passing processes.	Luca Trevisan
A complexity-effective microprocessor design with decoupled dispatch queues and prefetching.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A composite-neighborhood tabu search approach to the traveling tournament problem.	Luca Di Gaspero
A comprehensive Lagrangian flame-kernel model to predict ignition in SI engines.	T. Lucchini
A comprehensive analysis of DQDB.	Luciano Lenzini
A comprehensive evaluation of normalization methods for Illumina high-throughput RNA sequencing data analysis.	Luc Jouneau
A comprehensive study of stress induced leakage current using a floating gate structure for direct applications in EEPROM memories.	Jean-Luc Ogier
A comprehensive system for facial animation of generic 3D head models driven by speech.	Lucas D. Terissi
A computational approach to memory deficits in schizophrenia.	Lucia M. Talamini
A computational skin model: fold and wrinkle formation.	Jean Luc Lévêque
A computationally efficient and interference tolerant nonparametric algorithm for LTI system identification based on higher order cyclostationarity.	Luciano Izzo
A computer system for big scientometrics at the age of the World Wide Web.	Luc Grivel
A conceptual framework for the examination of transborder data flows.	Jean-Luc Renaud
A concise review of the quality of experience assessment for video streaming.	Luciano de Errico
A conflict free memory access in parallel image reconstruction.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
A conjecture of Berge about linear hypergraphs and Steiner systems S(2, 4, v).	Lucia Gionfriddo
A connection between palindromic and factor complexity using return words	Luca Q. Zamboni
A connection between palindromic and factor complexity using return words	Alessandro De Luca 0002
A conscious model for autonomous robotics: statistical evaluation.	Lucas Martín Rancez
A conservative strategy to protect P2P file sharing systems from pollution attacks.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
A consistent multidimensional Pigou-Dalton transfer principle.	Luc Lauwers
A consistent stable numerical scheme for a nonlinear option pricing model in illiquid markets.	Lucas Jódar
A constraint-based querying system for exploratory pattern discovery.	Claudio Lucchese
A construction for strength-3 covering arrays from linear feedback shift register sequences.	Lucia Moura
A construction of distributed reference counting.	Luc Moreau
A constructive algebraic strategy for interpolatory subdivision schemes induced by bivariate box splines.	Lucia Romani
A constructive algebraic strategy for interpolatory subdivision schemes induced by bivariate box splines.	Luca Gemignani
A context-based recursive nonlinear interpolation for near-lossless coding of X-ray images.	Luciano Alparone
A contextualized and personalized model to predict user interest using location-based social networks.	Lucy W. Mburu
A continuous analog for 4-dimensional objects.	Jean-Luc Mari
A continuously differentiable exact penalty function for nonlinear programming problems with unbounded feasible set.	Stefano Lucidi
A continuum-field model of visual cortex stimulus-driven behaviour: emergent oscillations and coherence fields.	Luca Secchi
A contour processing method for fast binary neighbourhood operations.	Lucas J. van Vliet
A control and decision system for smart buildings using wireless sensor and actuator networks.	Luci Pirmez
A control polygon scheme for design of planar C2 PH quintic spline curves.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
A control problem for affine dynamical systems on a full-dimensional polytope.	Luc C. G. J. M. Habets
A control theoretic approach to energy-efficient pipelined computation in MPSoCs.	Luca Benini
A convention or (tacit) agreement betwixt us: on reliance and its normative consequences.	Luca Tummolini
A convergent decomposition algorithm for support vector machines.	Stefano Lucidi
A cooperative approach for topology control in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Casartelli
A critical review of the IEEE 1599 standard.	Luca A. Ludovico
A critical view of severity classification in risk assessment methods.	Luca Save
A cross-cultural analysis of the effect of language on perceived risk online.	Lucia Porcu
A cross-layer architecture for effective channel assignment with load-balancing in multi-radio multi-path wireless mesh networks.	Luciano Bononi
A cube to learn: a tangible user interface for the design of a learning appliance.	Lucia Terrenghi
A cumulative approach to quantification for sentiment analysis.	Luca Costantini
A curious instability phenomenon for a rounded corner in presence of a negative material.	Lucas Chesnel
A customer oriented methodology for reverse engineering software selection in the computer aided inspection scenario.	Luca Iuliano
A cyclic coherent method for wideband source location.	Luciano Izzo
A data integration approach for cell cycle analysis oriented to model simulation in systems biology.	Luciano Milanesi
A data reduction method for intrusion detection.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
A data structure for a sequence of string accesses in external memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
A database system for the analysis of biochemical pathways.	Luca Bernardi
A decidable characterization of locally testable tree languages	Luc Segoufin
A decision engine based on rational aggregation of heuristic knowledge.	Jean-Luc Koning
A decision model to allocate protective safety barriers and mitigate domino effects.	Luca Talarico
A decision support system for fund raising management based on the Choquet integral methodology.	Luca Barzanti
A decision-theoretic network approach to treatment management and prognosis.	Peter J. F. Lucas
A declarative two-level framework to specify and verify workflow and authorization policies in service-oriented architectures.	Luca Viganò 0001
A decomposition for a class of (P5, P5_5)-free graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
A deep analysis on future web technologies and protocols over broadband GEO satellite networks.	Luca Caviglione
A deep inference system with a self-dual binder which is complete for linear lambda calculus.	Luca Roversi
A defeasible logic programming with extra meta-level information through labels.	Mauro Javier Gómez Lucero
A defeasible reasoning framework for human mental workload representation and assessment.	Luca Longo
A defence of informational structural realism.	Luciano Floridi
A delay model for IEEE 802.11e EDCA.	Luca Vollero
A density-based spatial clustering approach for defining local indicators of drinking water distribution pipe breakage.	Lucio Soibelman
A derivative-based algorithm for a particular class of mixed variable optimization problems.	Stefano Lucidi
A derivative-free algorithm for systems of nonlinear inequalities.	Stefano Lucidi
A derivative-free approach for a simulation-based optimization problem in healthcare.	Luca Paulon
A derivative-free approach for a simulation-based optimization problem in healthcare.	Stefano Lucidi
A design methodology for semi-physical fuzzy models applied to the dynamic characterization of LiFePO4 batteries.	Luciano Sánchez
A design methodology for user-centered innovation in the software development area.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
A design technique for two-dimensional multiplierless FIR filters for video applications.	Luca Banzato
A dialogue-based approach for evaluating educational software.	Luciano Meira
A differential oligopoly game with differentiated goods and sticky prices.	Luca Lambertini
A digit-serial architecture for gray-scale morphological filtering.	Lori Lucke
A digital self-calibration circuit for absolute optical rotary encoder microsystems.	Luca Disingrini
A direct algorithm for restricted rotation distance.	Joan M. Lucas
A discrete eigenfunctions method for computing mixed hyperbolic problems based on an implicit difference scheme.	Lucas Jódar
A discrete mathematical model for addictive buying: Predicting the affected population evolution.	Lucas Jódar
A discrete representation of free MV-algebras.	Luca Spada
A distance between populations for one-point crossover in genetic algorithms.	Luca Manzoni
A distributed QoS mechanism for ad hoc network.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
A distributed algorithm for k-dominating sets.	Lucia Draque Penso
A distributed algorithm to find k-dominating sets	Lucia Draque Penso
A distributed algorithm to find k-dominating sets.	Lucia Draque Penso
A distributed architecture for efficient Web service discovery.	Luciano Baresi
A distributed evolutionary simulation optimization approach for the configuration of multiproduct kanban systems.	Jean-Luc Paris
A distributed packed storage for large dense parallel in-core calculations.	Luc Giraud
A distributed probabilistic system for adaptive regulation of image processing parameters.	Gian Luca Foresti
A distributed repository for managing business process models in cross-organizational collaborations.	Lucinéia Heloisa Thom
A distribution-free criterion for robust identification, with applications in system modelling and image processing.	Luc Pronzato
A distribution-free performance bound in error estimation (Corresp.).	Luc Devroye
A document retrieval system based on nearest neighbour searching.	Dario Lucarella
A domain decomposition method for pseudo-spectral electromagnetic simulations of plasmas.	Jean-Luc Vay
A downlink adaptive transmitting antenna method for T/F/SDMA FDD systems avoiding DOA estimation.	Luc Fety
A duality principle for homogeneous vectorfields with applications.	Luc Moreau
A dynamic Bayesian network for diagnosing ventilator-associated pneumonia in ICU patients.	Peter J. F. Lucas
A dynamic fuzzy cognitive map applied to chemical process supervision.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
A dynamic logic for acting, sensing, and planning.	Luca Spalazzi
A dynamic programming algorithm for the bilevel knapsack problem.	Luce Brotcorne
A dynamic warehouse for XML Data of the Web.	Lucie Xyleme
A dynamic wind farm aggregate model for the simulation of power fluctuations due to wind turbulence.	Luciano De Tommasi
A face recognition system based on Pseudo 2D HMM applied to neural network coefficients.	Lucia Cariello
A fair starvation-free prioritized mutual exclusion algorithm for distributed systems.	Luciana Arantes
A family of dissipative active scalar equations with singular velocity and measure initial data.	Lucas C. F. Ferreira
A fast MPSoC virtual prototyping for intensive signal processing applications.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A fast and accurate approximation for planar pose graph optimization.	Luca Carlone
A fast and efficient algorithm to exploit multi-user diversity in IEEE 802.16 BandAMC.	Luciano Lenzini
A fast computational algorithm for the Legendre-Fenchel transform.	Yves Lucet
A fast genetic method for inducting descriptive fuzzy models.	Luciano Sánchez
A fast numerical method to price American options under the Bates model.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
A fast statistical significance test for baseline correction and comparative analysis in phase locking.	Lucia M. Vaina
A fast topological analysis algorithm for large-scale similarity evaluations of ligands and binding pockets.	Luc van Meervelt
A fast universal self-tuned sampler within Gibbs sampling.	Luca Martino
A fast-developing and low-cost characterization and test environment for a double axis resonating micromirror.	Luca Fanucci
A fault induction technique based on voltage underfeeding with application to attacks against AES and RSA.	Luca Breveglieri
A feasibility study for active remote sensing of atmospheric carbon monoxide based on differential absorption of infrared radiation along vertical paths.	Luca Facheris
A feasibility study for electromagnetic pollution monitoring by electromagnetic-source localization via neural independent component analysis.	Luciano Albini
A fine-grained analysis of the support provided by UML class diagrams and ER diagrams during data model maintenance.	Andrea De Lucia
A finite element model for describing the effect of muscle shortening on surface EMG.	Luca Mesin
A finite equational base for CCS with left merge and communication merge.	Luca Aceto
A finite mixture model for image segmentation.	Luciano Nieddu
A finite volume-finite difference method with a stiff ordinary differential equation solver for advection-diffusion-reaction equation.	M. Lucía Gavete
A first implementation and evaluation of the IEEE 802.11aa group addressed transmission service.	Luca Cominardi
A first look at traffic patterns of Siri.	Luca Caviglione
A fix-and-optimize heuristic for the high school timetabling problem.	Luciana S. Buriol
A flexible implementation of frozen-density embedding for use in multilevel simulations.	Lucas Visscher
A flexible statistical model for alignment of label-free proteomics data - incorporating ion mobility and product ion information.	Joseph E. Lucas
A flux-form version of the conservative semi-Lagrangian multi-tracer transport scheme (CSLAM) on the cubed sphere grid.	Lucas M. Harris
A formal approach for checking security properties in SecSpaces.	Roberto Lucchi
A formal model for lexical descriptions: Typed feature-structure in the formalism BDéf.	Lucie Barque
A formal proof of the optimal frame setting for Dynamic-Frame Aloha with known population size	Luca Barletta
A formal study of two physical countermeasures against side channel attacks.	Jean-Luc Danger
A formal study of two physical countermeasures against side channel attacks.	Jean-Luc Danger
A formalism-local framework for general probabilistic theories, including quantum theory.	Lucien Hardy
A fractals-inspired approach to binary image database indexing and retrieval.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A framework for analysing long-range direct shipping logistics.	Luciano Fratocchi
A framework for building cooperative software agents in medical applications.	Luca Gatti
A framework for context-aware home-health monitoring.	Luciano Tarricone
A framework for context-aware home-health monitoring.	Luca Catarinucci
A framework for interaction of distributed autonomous systems and human supervisors.	Luc Renambot
A framework for management of Knowledge-Based Engineering applications as software services: Enabling personalization and codification.	Jean Luc Johnson
A framework for risk assessment based on analysis of historical information of workflow execution in IT systems.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
A framework for the calibration of social simulation models	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
A framework for the collaborative specification of semantically annotated business processes.	Luciano Serafini
A framework for the deployment of adaptable web service compositions.	Luciano Baresi
A framework instantiation approach based on the Features Model.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A front-fixing numerical method for a free boundary nonlinear diffusion logistic population model.	Lucas Jódar
A full-rank regularization technique for MMSE detection in multiuser CDMA systems.	Luca Rugini
A fully data-dependent criterion for free angles selection in spatial PH cubic biarc Hermite interpolation.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
A fully-decentralized semantic mechanism for autonomous wireless sensor nodes.	Luci Pirmez
A fusion-based approach to digital movie restoration.	Lucia Maddalena
A fuzzy approach for performance modeling in a batch plant: application to semiconductor manufacturing.	Luc Pibouleau
A fuzzy attractiveness of market entry (FAME) model for market selection decisions.	Lucille Pointer
A fuzzy c-means classification of elevation derivatives to extract the morphometric classification of landforms in Snowdonia, Wales.	Lucy Bastin
A fuzzy complete SAR processing chain for ship detection and velocity estimation.	Luciano Alparone
A fuzzy multiobjective algorithm for multiproduct batch plant: Application to protein production.	Luc Pibouleau
A fuzzy object-oriented data model for managing vague and uncertain information.	Dario Lucarella
A fuzzy rule base for the improved control of a pressurized water nuclear reactor.	Jean-Luc Tyran
A fuzzy set theory approach to the aircrew rostering problem.	Panta Lucic
A fuzzy set-based approach for modeling dependence among human errors.	Luca Podofillini
A fuzzy spatial coherence-based approach to background/foreground separation for moving object detection.	Lucia Maddalena
A fuzzy-Bayesian model for supplier selection.	Luciano Ferreira
A gap trichotomy for Boolean constraint problems: extending Schaefer's Theorem.	Lucy Ham
A gateway architecture for IP satellite networks with dynamic resource management and DiffServ QoS provision.	Luca Simone Ronga
A general computational recognition primed decision model with multi-agent rescue simulation benchmark.	Caro Lucas
A general formula for eigenvalue assignment by static output feedback with application to robust design.	Luciano Carotenuto
A general framework for trajectory data warehousing and visual OLAP.	Luca Leonardi
A generalization of Hukuhara difference and division for interval and fuzzy arithmetic.	Luciano Stefanini
A generalization of Little's Theorem on Pfaffian orientations.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
A generalization of a classical zero-sum problem.	Florian Luca
A generalization of repetition threshold.	Lucian Ilie
A generalization of the adaptive rejection sampling algorithm.	Luca Martino
A generalized Mobius transform and arithmetic Fourier transforms.	Luc Knockaert
A generalized Mobius transform, arithmetic Fourier transforms, and primitive roots.	Luc Knockaert
A generalized calibration procedure for in vivo transit dosimetry using siemens electronic portal imaging devices.	Luciano Pompei
A generalized palindromization map in free monoids	Alessandro De Luca 0002
A generalized palindromization map in free monoids	Aldo de Luca
A generalized palindromization map in free monoids.	Aldo de Luca
A generalized palindromization map in free monoids.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
A generic anti-spyware solution by access control list at kernel level.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
A generic approach to diffusion filtering of matrix-fields.	Luc Florack
A generic formalism for the semantic modeling and representation of architectural elements.	Livio De Luca
A generic framework for scenario exercises using models applied to water-resource management.	Lucie Clavel
A generic interoperability testing framework and a systematic development process for automated interoperability testing.	Luca Serazio
A generic qualitative characterization of independence of causal influence.	Peter J. F. Lucas
A genetic algorithm approach to improve network nodes association.	Lucas Guardalben
A genetic algorithm approach to multi-disorder diagnosis.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A genetic algorithm/mathematical programming approach to solve a two-level soft drink production problem.	Lucas de Oliveira
A genetic approach for freight transportation planning.	Luciano Fratocchi
A genetic approach to joint routing and link scheduling for wireless mesh networks.	Luciano Lenzini
A genetic-based methodology for hybrid electric vehicles sizing.	Lucio Ippolito
A geometry-based algorithm for the stability of planar switching systems.	Luca Greco 0003
A global algorithm to estimate the expectations of the components of an observed univariate mixture.	Luc Fety
A global goodness-of-fit test for receiver operating characteristic curve analysis via the bootstrap method.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A global information technology model: business applications in developing economies (case studies).	Lucy Ojode
A global quality measurement of pan-sharpened multispectral imagery.	Luciano Alparone
A globally convergent inexact Newton method with a new choice for the forcing term.	Véra Lucia Rocha Lopes
A globally convergent version of the Polak-Ribière conjugate gradient method.	Stefano Lucidi
A goal-oriented approach for representing and using design patterns.	Luca Sabatucci
A goodwill model with predatory advertising.	Luca Grosset
A graph theoretic approach to protein structure selection.	Luciano Margara
A graph-based approach for multiscale shape analysis.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A graph-mining algorithm for automatic detection and counting of embryonic stem cells in fluorescence microscopy images.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
A graph-oriented approach for the minimization of the number of late jobs for the parallel machines scheduling problem.	Luciane Ferreira Alcoforado
A greedy algorithm for multicut and integral multiflow in rooted trees.	Lucas Létocart
A greedy algorithm for supervised discretization.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A greedy randomized adaptive search procedure applied to the clustering problem as an initialization process using K-Means as a local search procedure.	Luciano Sánchez
A grid portal with robot certificates for bioinformatics phylogenetic analyses.	Luciano Milanesi
A grid-alignment finite element technique for incompressible multicomponent flows.	Jean-Luc Guermond
A ground-complete axiomatization of stateless bisimilarity over Linda.	Luca Aceto
A guide tour of video watermarking.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A guided local search heuristic for the capacitated arc routing problem.	Luc Muyldermans
A guided local search procedure for the multi-compartment capacitated arc routing problem.	Luc Muyldermans
A half-micron CMOS logic generation.	Stephen E. Luce
A hands-on Assessment of Transport Protocols with Lower than Best Effort Priority	Luca Muscariello
A hardware/software framework for supporting transactional memory in a MPSoC environment.	Luca Benini
A heuristic algorithm for clustering rooted ordered trees.	Caro Lucas
A heuristic manipulation technique for the sequential ordering problem.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A hierarchical aggregation model to achieve visualization scalability in the analysis of parallel applications.	Lucas Mello Schnorr
A hierarchical approach to feature extraction and grouping.	Gian Luca Foresti
A hierarchical neuro-fuzzy system to near optimal-time trajectory planning of redundant manipulators.	Luc Baron
A high order approximation of hyperbolic conservation laws in networks: Application to one-dimensional blood flow.	Lucas O. Müller
A high resolution differential filter for large eddy simulation: Toward explicit filtering on unstructured grids.	Luc Mongeau
A high-order discontinuous Galerkin method for wave propagation through coupled elastic-acoustic media.	Lucas C. Wilcox
A high-throughput DPI engine on GPU via algorithm/implementation co-optimization.	Lucas Vespa
A home automation proposal built on the Ginga digital TV middleware and the OSGi framework.	Vicente Ferreira de Lucena Jr.
A hybrid Lagrangean heuristic with GRASP and path-relinking for set k-covering.	Luciana S. Pessoa
A hybrid algorithm for solving the EEG inverse problem from spatio-temporal EEG data.	Luc Dupré
A hybrid anchored-ANOVA - POD/Kriging method for uncertainty quantification in unsteady high-fidelity CFD simulations.	Luca Margheri
A hybrid evolutionary algorithm for the two-dimensional packing problem.	Maciej Luczak
A hybrid genetic algorithm for the weight setting problem in OSPF/IS-IS routing.	Luciana S. Buriol
A hybrid heuristic for the diameter constrained minimum spanning tree problem.	Abilio Lucena
A hybrid model predictive control scheme for containment and distributed sensing in multi-agent systems.	Luca Galbusera
A hybrid open-access model to bridge the publishing divide and reach out to a broader community.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A hybrid particle swarm optimization and harmony search algorithm approach for multi-objective test case selection.	Luciano S. de Souza
A hybrid particle swarm optimization approach for the sequential ordering problem.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A hybrid recommendation approach for a tourism system.	Joel Pinho Lucas
A hybrid scheme for reducing peaking in high-gain observers for a class of nonlinear systems.	Luca Zaccarian
A hybrid swarm-based algorithm for single-objective optimization problems involving high-cost analyses.	Luca Vassio
A hybridised variable neighbourhood tabu search heuristic to increase security in a utility network.	Luca Talarico
A hyperparameter consensus method for agreement under uncertainty.	Luca F. Bertuccelli
A joint experimental and simulation study of the IEEE 802.11s HWMP protocol and airtime link metric.	Luca Tavanti
A journal's role in resource sharing and reproducibility.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A journey through SMScom: self-managing situational computing.	Luciano Baresi
A kinetic energy harvester with fast start-up for wearable body-monitoring sensors.	Luca Benini
A knowledge server for reasoning about temporal constraints between classes and instances of events.	Luca Anselma
A labeled argumentation framework.	Mauro Javier Gómez Lucero
A language to bridge the gap between component-based design and implementation.	Luc Fabresse
A language-independent proof system for full program equivalence.	Dorel Lucanu
A layered architecture for flexible Web service invocation.	Luca De Santis
A learner-centred approach to developing team skills through web-based learning and assessment.	Joe Luca
A learning algorithm for improved hybrid force control of robot arms.	Pasquale Lucibello
A lightweight privacy preserving SMS-based recommendation system for mobile users.	Luca Filipponi
A lightweight privacy preserving SMS-based recommendation system for mobile users.	Luca Becchetti
A linear algorithm for the identification of a weakly singular relaxation kernel using two boundary measurements.	Luciano Pandolfi
A linear programming based heuristic framework for min-max regret combinatorial optimization problems with interval costs.	Lucas Assunção
A linear time algorithm for scheduling outforests with communication delays on three processors.	Lucian Finta
A linguistic preprocessor for record linkage in socio-economic historical research.	J. Lucassen
A literature search tool for intelligent extraction of disease-associated genes.	Todd F. DeLuca
A local Vapnik-Chervonenkis complexity.	Luca Oneto
A localized algorithm for Structural Health Monitoring using wireless sensor networks.	Luci Pirmez
A logic-based semantics for the verification of multi-diagram UML models.	Luciano Baresi
A look inside the learning process of neural networks.	Luc Neuberg
A loosely coupled architecture for automatic composition of web services applications.	Luciano A. Digiampietri
A low computational cost numerical method for solving mixed diffusion problems.	Lucas Jódar
A low latency asynchronous arbitration circuit.	Luciano Lavagno
A low power wireless node for contact and contactless heart monitoring.	Luca Benini
A low-area unified hardware architecture for the AES and the cryptographic hash function ECHO.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
A low-complexity ML channel estimator for OFDM.	Luc Deneire
A low-complexity microprocessor design with speculative pre-execution.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
A low-cost parallel implementation of direct numerical simulation of wall turbulence	Paolo Luchini
A low-dispersion and low-dissipation implicit Runge-Kutta scheme.	Luc Mongeau
A low-power oriented architecture for H.264 variable block size motion estimation based on a resource sharing scheme.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A low-power wireless video sensor node for distributed object detection.	Luca Benini
A lower bound on the number of removable ears of 1-extendable graphs.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
A machine learning approach to explore the spectra intensity pattern of peptides using tandem mass spectrometry data.	Lucas D. Bowler
A machine vision approach to the grading of crushed aggregate.	Jean-Luc Starck
A magnetic resonance device designed via global optimization techniques.	Stefano Lucidi
A magnitude and rate saturation model and its use in the solution of a static anti-windup problem.	Luca Zaccarian
A management tool to trace the clinical path of depressed patients.	Luc Delesie
A manifold learning method to detect respiratory signal from liver ultrasound images.	London Lucien Ooi
A market-based approach to recommender systems.	Luc Moreau
A massively parallel exponential integrator for advection-diffusion models.	Luca Bergamaschi
A mathematical framework for the control of piecewise-affine models of gene networks.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
A matheuristic approach for solving a home health care problem.	Lucas Létocart
A matheuristic approach for the Pollution-Routing Problem.	Lucídio dos Anjos Formiga Cabral
A matheuristic approach for the Pollution-Routing Problem.	Lucídio dos Anjos F. Cabral
A maxmin policy for bond management.	Luca Luigi Ghezzi
A measurement study of short-time cell outages in mobile cellular networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
A measurement system for odor classification based on the dynamic response of QCM sensors.	Luca Tondi
A mesoscopic transit assignment model including real-time predictive information on crowding.	Luca Rosati
A message to the next generation of biomedical informatics professionals.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A meta-heuristic approach for solving the Urban Network Design Problem.	Luca D'Acierno
A metaheuristic for security budget allocation in utility networks.	Luca Talarico
A metaheuristic framework for stochastic combinatorial optimization problems based on GPGPU with a case study on the probabilistic traveling salesman problem with deadlines.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A method for continuously assessing the autonomic response to music-induced emotions through HRV analysis.	Luca T. Mainardi
A method for determining the optimal districting in urban emergency services.	Lucio Bianco
A method for dynamic subtraction MR imaging of the liver.	Agnese Lucesoli
A method for dynamic subtraction MR imaging of the liver.	Luca T. Mainardi
A method for obtaining three-dimensional computational equilibrium of non-neutral plasmas using WARP.	Jean-Luc Vay
A method for quantifying atrial fibrillation organization based on wave-morphology similarity.	Luca Faes
A method for teacher inquiry in cross-curricular projects: Lessons from a case study.	Rosemary Luckin
A method to analyze the evolution of malignant gliomas using MRI.	Luca T. Mainardi
A methodological framework for innovation transfer to SMEs.	Luciano Fratocchi
A methodology for computing end-to-end delay bounds in FIFO-multiplexing tandems.	Luciano Lenzini
A methodology for direct exploitation of available information in the online model-based redesign of experiments.	Riccardo De Luca
A methodology for the structural and functional analysis of signaling and regulatory networks.	Luca Simeoni
A methodology for traffic-related Twitter messages interpretation.	Luciana R. Redlich
A methodology for validating a 3D imaging modality for brain AVM delineation: Application to 3DRA.	Luc Picard
A methodology to assess the intrinsic discriminative ability of a distance function and its interplay with clustering algorithms for microarray data analysis.	Luca Pinello
A metrics suite for JUnit test code: a multiple case study on open source software.	Luc Lamontagne
A micro-genetic algorithm for multi-objective scheduling of a real world pipeline network.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
A microelectrode/microelectronic hybrid device for brain implantable neuroprosthesis applications.	J. Lucas McKay
A middleware for industry.	Lucas L. Gomes
A minimal contractor for the polar equation: Application to robot localization.	Luc Jaulin
A minimum-time control strategy for torque tracking in permanent magnet AC motor drives.	Luca Tubiana
A mixed derivative terms removing method in multi-asset option pricing problems.	Lucas Jódar
A mixed integer programming approach for scheduling commodities in a pipeline.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
A mixed methods pilot study to investigate the impact of a hospital-specific iPhone application (iTreat) within a British junior doctor cohort.	Lucy Weeks
A mixed-integer linear programming model to optimize the vertical alignment considering blocks and side-slopes in road construction.	Yves Lucet
A mobile, lightweight, poll-based food identification system.	Luciano Oliveira
A model for deriving voxel-level tree leaf area density estimates from ground-based LiDAR.	Jean-Luc Widlowski
A model for surface EMG generation in volume conductors with spherical inhomogeneities.	Luca Mesin
A model for the hepatic glucose metabolism based on Hill and step functions.	Luciano Lopez
A model library for dynamic transport and fate of micropollutants in integrated urban wastewater and stormwater systems.	Luca Vezzaro
A model of efficient asynchronous parallel algorithms on multicomputer systems.	Lucio Grandinetti
A model of process documentation to determine provenance in mash-ups.	Luc Moreau
A model selection approach to signal denoising using Kullback's symmetric divergence.	Luc Knockaert
A model to calculate effects of atmospheric deposition on soil acidification, eutrophication and carbon sequestration.	Luc T. C. Bonten
A model to quantify the resilience of mass railway transportation systems.	Jean-Luc Planchet
A model-based approach for data integration to improve maintenance management by mixed reality.	Luca Fumagalli
A model-based block-triangular preconditioner for the Bidomain system in electrocardiology.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
A modified cardioid model for Processing multiangular radiometric observations.	Jean-Luc Vergely
A modified learning algorithm for the multilayer neural network with multi-valued neurons based on the complex QR decomposition.	Antonio Luchetta
A modular and evolutive component oriented software architecture for patient modeling.	Luc Soler
A modular approach to Sprouts.	Flaminia L. Luccio
A modular serpentine rescue robot with climbing ability.	Luca Rimassa
A molecular dynamics and knowledge-based computational strategy to predict native-like structures of polypeptides.	Luciana S. Buriol
A monitoring tool for a GRID operation center	Luca Vaccarossa
A more efficient search strategy for aging genes based on connectivity.	Luca Ferrarini
A more efficient search strategy for aging genes based on connectivity.	Luca Bertelli
A motif-independent metric for DNA sequence specificity.	Luca Pinello
A motivation-based planning and execution framework.	Michael Luck
A motives framework of social media website use: A survey of young Americans.	Joseph N. Luchman
A moving interface method for dynamic kinetic-fluid coupling.	Luc Mieussens
A multi-agent legal recommender system.	Lucas Drumond
A multi-dimensional job scheduling.	Lucio Grandinetti
A multi-document summarization system based on statistics and linguistic treatment.	Luciano de Souza Cabral
A multi-document summarization system based on statistics and linguistic treatment.	Luciano Favaro
A multi-engine approach to answer-set programming.	Luca Pulina
A multi-layer approach for cross-technology communication in a pervasive community.	Ulrike Lucke
A multi-level design methodology of multistage interconnection network for MPSOCs.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A multi-modal dataset, protocol and tools for adaptive biometric systems: a benchmarking study.	Gian Luca Marcialis
A multi-mode resource-constrained scheduling problem in the context of port operations.	Luciano Lessa Lorenzoni
A multi-model particle filtering algorithm for indoor tracking of mobile terminals using RSS data.	Luca Martino
A multi-objective approach to indoor wireless heterogeneous networks planning based on biogeography-based optimization.	Luc Martens
A multi-processor NoC-based architecture for real-time image/video enhancement.	Luca Fanucci
A multi-protocol framework for the development of collaborative virtual environments.	Luciano Argento
A multi-resolution area-based technique for automatic multi-modal image registration.	Richard M. Lucas
A multi-scale framework for multi-phase equilibrium flash.	Angelo Lucia
A multi-scale probabilistic network model for detection, synthesis and compression in mammographic image analysis.	Lucas C. Parra
A multi-sensor cognitive approach for active security monitoring of abnormal overcrowding situations.	Lucio Marcenaro
A multicriteria approach for analysis of conflicts in evidence theory.	Lucimário Gois de Oliveira Silva
A multilayer perceptron neural network-based approach for the identification of responsiveness to interferon therapy in multiple sclerosis patients.	Lucia Sacchetti
A multilevel data integration resource for breast cancer study.	Luciano Milanesi
A multilevel engine for fast power simulation of realistic inputstreams.	Luca Benini
A multimodal architecture for simulating natural interactive walking in virtual environments.	Luca Turchet
A multiobjective genetic algorithm approach to the optimization of the technical specifications of a nuclear safety system.	Luca Podofillini
A multiparameter moment-matching model-reduction approach for generating geometrically parameterized interconnect performance models.	Luca Daniel
A multiphase direct-digital-synthesis sinewave generator for high-accuracy impedance comparison.	Luca Callegaro
A multiphase first order model for non-equilibrium sand erosion, transport and sedimentation.	Luca Bruno
A multiprocessor system-on-chip for real-time biomedical monitoring and analysis: ECG prototype architectural design space exploration.	Luca Benini
A multirate acoustic echo canceler structure.	Adriano de Luca
A multiresolution approach for page segmentation.	Luca Lombardi
A multiscale kinetic-fluid solver with dynamic localization of kinetic effects.	Luc Mieussens
A multivariate time-frequency method to characterize the influence of respiration over heart period and arterial pressure.	Luca T. Mainardi
A navigational role-centric model oriented web approach - MoWebA.	Luca Cernuzzi
A near-threshold RISC-V core with DSP extensions for scalable IoT Endpoint Devices.	Luca Benini
A nearly optimum linear-phase digital FIR filters design.	Carlos A. S. Lucietto
A neural algorithm for the non-uniform and adaptive sampling of biomedical data.	Luca Mesin
A neural data-driven algorithm for smart sampling in wireless sensor networks.	Luca Mesin
A neural network model for temporal sequence learning and motor programming.	Jean-Luc Velay
A neural network model for the intersensory coordination involved in goal-directed movements.	Jean-Luc Velay
A neural network model for the wire bonding process.	Scott Luco
A neural network-based similarity index for clustering DNA microarray data.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A neural networks approach to minority game.	Luca Grilli
A neural tree for classification using convex objective function.	Gian Luca Foresti
A neural-wavelet architecture for voice conversion.	Lucimar Sasso Vieira
A new JAMIA.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A new algorithm for estimating association parameters in molecular-based equations of state by quantum chemistry.	Angelo Lucia
A new algorithm to maintain lateral stabilization during the running gait of a quadruped robot.	Ivan Gonzalez-Luchena
A new approach to modular liveness analysis conceived for large logic controllers' design.	Luca Ferrarini
A new approach to the dynamic parameter identification of robotic manipulators.	Luc Baron
A new approach to the giant component problem.	Malwina J. Luczak
A new balance index for phylogenetic trees	Lucia Rotger
A new block-based motion estimation algorithm.	Luc Van Eycken
A new bound for parsimonious edge-colouring of graphs with maximum degree three	Jean-Luc Fouquet
A new characteristic property of rich words	Alessandro De Luca 0002
A new characteristic property of rich words	Luca Q. Zamboni
A new characteristic property of rich words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
A new characteristic property of rich words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
A new class of chromatic filters for color image processing. theory and applications.	Luca Lucchese
A new computational method for automatic dental measurement: The case of maxillary central incisor.	Luca Di Angelo
A new data assimilation technique based on ensemble Kalman filter and Brownian bridges: An application to Richards' equation.	Luciano Lopez
A new degradation model and lifetime extrapolation technique for lightly doped drain nMOSFETs under hot-carrier degradation.	Luc De Schepper
A new direct method for solving the Black-Scholes equation.	Lucas Jódar
A new efficient numerical method for solving American option under regime switching model.	Lucas Jódar
A new expertness index for assessment of secondary structure prediction engines.	Caro Lucas
A new family of regular semivalues and applications.	Roberto Lucchetti
A new formulation for the Traveling Deliveryman Problem.	Abilio Lucena
A new formulation of the resource-unconstrained project scheduling problem with generalized precedence relations to minimize the completion time.	Lucio Bianco
A new genetic programming framework based on reaction systems.	Luca Manzoni
A new graph characteristic and its application to numerical computability.	Luc Longpré
A new group contribution method for mineral concentration processes.	Freddy Lucay
A new key establishment scheme for wireless sensor networks	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
A new lower bound for the resource-constrained project scheduling problem with generalized precedence relations.	Lucio Bianco
A new matrix bandwidth reduction algorithm.	Luciano Tarricone
A new mesh-growing algorithm for fast surface reconstruction.	Luca Di Angelo
A new method for IVUS-based coronary artery disease risk stratification: A link between coronary & carotid ultrasound plaque burdens.	Luca Saba
A new method for analysing downloaded data for strategic decision.	Luc Quoniam
A new method for centralised and modular supervisory control of real-time discrete event systems.	Lucien Ouedraogo
A new method for improving Wi-Fi-based indoor positioning accuracy.	Lucas Holden
A new method for quantifying mfVEP signal intensity in multiple sclerosis.	Luciano Boquete
A new method for the analysis of high-resolution SILC data.	Luc De Schepper
A new method for the automatic identification of the dimensional features of vertebrae.	Luca Di Angelo
A new method for the comparison of 1H NMR predictors based on tree-similarity of spectra.	Luc Patiny
A new method to quantify retention-failed cells of an EEPROM CAST.	Jean-Luc Ogier
A new microcalorimeter for measurements in 3.5-mm coaxial line.	Luciano Brunetti
A new noniterative algorithm for computing acoustically constrained vocal tract area functions.	James DeLucia
A new pixel-oriented visualization technique through color image.	Laurent Lucas
A new probabilistic constraint logic programming language based on a generalised distribution semantics.	Peter J. F. Lucas
A new procedure for exact ring closure.	Pasquale Lucibello
A new proposal for fusing individual preference orderings by rank-ordered agents: A generalization of the Yager's algorithm.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
A new reengineering methodology for the product-driven system applied to the medication-use process.	Jean-Luc Paris
A new reliable transport scheme in Delay Tolerant Networks based on acknowledgments and random linear coding.	Lucile Sassatelli
A new spherical harmonics scheme for multi-dimensional radiation transport I. Static matter configurations.	Luciano Rezzolla
A new strategy for skeleton pruning.	Luca Serino
A new symbolic method for analog circuit testability evaluation.	Antonio Luchetta
A new systematic design for Habitually Linear Evolving TS Fuzzy Model.	Caro Lucas
A new tool for processing atmospheric emission inventories: Technical aspects and application to the ESCOMPTE study area.	Jean-Luc Ponche
A new unsupervised cube-based algorithm for iso-surface generation.	Laurent Lucas
A new version of the CADNA library for estimating round-off error propagation in Fortran programs.	Jean Luc Lamotte
A niched genetic algorithm to solve a pollutant emission reduction problem in the manufacturing industry: A case study.	Lucio Grandinetti
A noise estimation method for corrupted correlated data.	Luca Romagnoli
A noise-robust frequency domain technique for estimating planar roto-translations.	Luca Lucchese
A non-monotonic Description Logic for reasoning about typicality.	Gian Luca Pozzato
A non-stationary uniform tension controlled interpolating 4-point scheme reproducing conics.	Lucia Romani
A nonlinear laplace operator as edge detector in noisy images.	Lucas J. van Vliet
A nonmonotone GRASP.	Stefano Lucidi
A nonmonotone truncated Newton-Krylov method exploiting negative curvature directions, for large scale unconstrained optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
A normative framework for agent-based systems.	Michael Luck
A notation and system for expressing and executing cleanly typed workflows on messy scientific data.	Luc Moreau
A note on a phase-field model for anisotropic systems.	Luca Lussardi
A note on a universal random variate generator for integer-valued random variables.	Lucio Barabesi
A note on a universal random variate generator for integer-valued random variables.	Luca Pratelli
A note on an expressiveness hierarchy for multi-exit iteration.	Luca Aceto
A note on density model size testing.	Luc Devroye
A note on eigenvalue distribution of constraint-preconditioned symmetric saddle point matrices.	Luca Bergamaschi
A note on graded polynomial identities for tensor products by the Grassmann algebra in positive characteristic.	Lucio Centrone
A note on intuitionistic models of ZF.	Thierry Lucas
A note on linear expected time algorithms for finding convex hulls.	Luc Devroye
A note on pricing with risk aversion.	Luca Colombo
A note on robust hypothesis testing.	Luc Devroye
A note on strict passivity.	Luc Knockaert
A note on the average depth of tries.	Luc Devroye
A note on the evaluation of generative models.	Lucas Theis
A note on the generalized difference and the generalized differentiability.	Luciana Takata Gomes
A note on the height of binary search trees.	Luc Devroye
A note on the no-three-in-line problem on a torus.	Lucjan Szymaszkiewicz
A note on the number of squares in a word.	Lucian Ilie
A note on the relationship between graphs and information protocols.	Shravan Luckraz
A note on the sharp concentration of the chromatic number of random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
A note on transformed likelihood approach in linear dynamic panel models.	Luca Grassetti
A note on visibility graphs.	Fabrizio Luccio
A novel MAC scheduler to minimize the energy consumption in a Wireless Sensor Network.	Luca Anchora
A novel UIS test system with Crowbar feedback for reduced failure energy in power devices testing.	Lucio Rossi
A novel algorithm for fusing preference orderings by rank-ordered agents.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
A novel algorithm for radar classification based on doppler characteristics exploiting orthogonal Pseudo-Zernike polynomials.	Luca Pallotta
A novel approach for dynamic traffic lights management based on Wireless Sensor Networks and multiple fuzzy logic controllers.	Lucia Lo Bello
A novel approach for estimating the omitted-citation rate of bibliometric databases with an application to the field of bibliometrics.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
A novel batch-based group key management protocol applied to the Internet of Things.	Luca Veltri
A novel computational framework for deducing muscle synergies from experimental joint moments.	Luca Modenese
A novel evolutionary formulation of the maximum independent set problem	Luciana C. D. Campos
A novel fuzzy-based expert system for RET selection.	Luciane N. Canha
A novel intuitionistic fuzzy clustering method for geo-demographic analysis.	Pier Luca Lanzi
A novel mechanical analogy based battery model for SoC estimation using a multi-cell EKF.	Gian Luca Storti
A novel method for automated classification of epileptiform activity in the human electroencephalogram-based on independent component analysis.	Marzia De Lucia
A novel method for head pose estimation based on the "Vitruvian Man".	Gian Luca Marcialis
A novel methodology for identifying environmental exposures using GPS data.	Bogdan-Alexandru Luca
A novel numerical optimization algorithm inspired from weed colonization.	Caro Lucas
A novel prefiltering technique for downlink transmissions in TDD MC-CDMA systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
A novel visualisation and interaction technique for exploring multidimensional data.	Lucio Ieronutti
A numerical algorithm for the solution of a phase-field model of polycrystalline materials.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
A numerical code for lay-out optimization of skeletal structures with sequential linear programming.	Luciano Lamberti
A numerical method for European Option Pricing with transaction costs nonlinear equation.	Lucas Jódar
A numerical method for simulating concentrated rigid particle suspensions in an elongational flow using a fixed grid.	Pier Luca Maffettone
A numerical method to price discrete double Barrier options under a constant elasticity of variance model with jump diffusion.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
A numerical model of ballistic transport with collisions in a volcanic setting.	Jean-Luc Falcone
A numerical study of the formation of spatial patterns in twospotted spider mites.	David Lucy
A numerical study on an influenza epidemic model with vaccination and diffusion.	David Lucy
A one class KNN for signal identification: a biological case study.	Luca Pinello
A pair of forbidden subgraphs and perfect matchings.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
A paired-comparison approach for fusing preference orderings from rank-ordered agents.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
A pairing SW implementation for Smart-Cards.	Luca Breveglieri
A parallel algorithm for parametric cubic B-spline curves interpolation.	Lucia Maddalena
A parallel algorithm to skeletonize the distance transform of 3D objects.	Luca Serino
A parallel approach for improving Geo-SPARQL query performance.	Luc Anselin
A parallel automatic differentiation algorithm for simulation models.	Luigi De Luca
A parallel hybrid metaheuristic for bicluster editing.	Lucídio dos Anjos F. Cabral
A parallel implementation of exact Euclidean distance transform based on exact dilations.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A parallel protein surface reconstruction system.	Luciano Milanesi
A parallel solver for large quadratic programs in training support vector machines.	Luca Zanni
A parameter estimation framework for patient-specific hemodynamic computations.	Lucian Mihai Itu
A parametric VLSI architecture for video motion estimation.	Luca Fanucci
A parametric approach to evaluate fuzzy quantities.	Luca Anzilli
A partial order structure on interval orders	Luca Ferrari
A particle filter based sequential trajectory classifier for behavior analysis in video surveillance.	Lucio Marcenaro
A particle filter for hybrid relational domains.	Luc De Raedt
A particle swarm optimization model of emergency airplane evacuations with emotion.	Timothy A. Lucas
A partition-based global optimization algorithm.	Stefano Lucidi
A path following problem for a class of non-holonomic control systems with noise.	Luca Consolini
A patient-driven adaptive prediction technique to improve personalized risk estimation for clinical decision support.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A percolation approach to neural morphometry and connectivity.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A performance evaluation tool for spectrum sharing in multi-operator LTE networks.	Luca Anchora
A performance study of DVB-T2 and DVB-T2-Lite for mobile reception.	Luca Rugini
A permutation code preserving a double Eulerian bistatistic.	Jean-Luc Baril
A pervasively verifiable online voting scheme.	Lucie Langer
A phone-based approach to non-linguistic speech feature identification.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
A physical-statistical approach to match passive microwave retrieval of rainfall to Mediterranean climatology.	Luca Pulvirenti
A physically-based particle model of emergent crowd behaviors	Annie Luciani
A pi-calculus based semantics for WS-BPEL.	Roberto Lucchi
A pilot study for errors of commission for a boiling water reactor using the CESA method.	Luca Podofillini
A planning language for embedded systems.	Luca Spalazzi
A point based model of the Gregorian Calendar.	Luciano Romeo
A polygon soup representation for multiview coding.	Luce Morin
A pool of multiple person re-identification experts.	Gian Luca Foresti
A positive pumping condition for regular sets.	Aldo de Luca
A possible mechanism of curvature coding in early vision.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A post-optimization method for the routing and wavelength assignment problem applied to scheduled lightpath demands.	Lucile Belgacem
A post-optimization method to route scheduled lightpath demands with multiplicity.	Lucile Belgacem
A practical approach for using the knowledge chains exchange to improve the application of learning theories in learning communities.	Juliana Lucas de Rezende
A practical functional observer scheme for interconnected time-delay systems.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
A practical use of regularization for supervised learning with kernel methods.	Luca Zanni
A preliminary 3D model for cytochrome P450 2D6 constructed by homology model building.	Lucien M. H. Koymans
A preliminary analysis on metaheuristics methods applied to the Haplotype Inference Problem	Luca Di Gaspero
A primer on gene expression and microarrays for machine learning researchers.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A primer on provenance.	Lucian Carata
A priori error estimates for the Arbitrary Lagrangian Eulerian formulation with finite elements.	Lucia Gastaldi
A priori selection of the regularization parameters in emission tomography by Fourier synthesis.	Luc Giraud
A probabilistic analysis of end-to-end delays on an avionics switched Ethernet.	Jean-Luc Scharbarg
A probabilistic and decision-theoretic approach to the management of infectious disease at the ICU.	Peter J. F. Lucas
A probabilistic framework for image information fusion with an application to mammographic analysis.	Peter J. F. Lucas
A procedure for designing linear functional observers.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
A process calculus for energy-aware multicast communications of mobile ad hoc networks.	Lucia Gallina
A process model of Rho GTP-binding proteins.	Luca Cardelli
A profit-maximizing economic lot scheduling problem with price optimization.	Luciano Salvietti
A proof-centric approach to mathematical assistants.	Lucas Dixon
A proposal for an electromagnetic ontology framework.	Luciano Tarricone
A pyramid-based error-bounded encoder: An evaluation on X-ray chest images.	Luciano Alparone
A qualitative case study of LifeGuide: Users' experiences of software for developing Internet-based behaviour change interventions.	Lucy Yardley
A quality metric for homology modeling: the H-factor.	Eric di Luccio
A quantitative approach to evolution of music and philosophy.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A quantum Jensen-Shannon graph kernel for unattributed graphs.	Luca Rossi 0004
A radio-aware worst-case fair weighted fair queuing scheduler for WiMAX networks.	Luca Tavanti
A random Laplace transform method for solving random mixed parabolic differential problems.	Lucas Jódar
A random access algorithm for LTE systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
A random access algorithm for LTE systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
A random sets-based method for identifying fuzzy models.	Luciano Sánchez
A randomized version of Ramsey's theorem.	Luca Gugelmann
A rate-independent model for permanent inelastic effects in shape memory materials.	Luca Lussardi
A rationale for the symmetries by base substitutions of degeneracy in the genetic code.	Jean-Luc Jestin
A real-time system for video surveillance of unattended outdoor environments.	Gian Luca Foresti
A recursion formula for k-Schur functions.	Luc Lapointe
A recursive algorithm for linear system identification.	Luc Knockaert
A recursive deconvolution approach to disturbance reduction.	Luciano Pandolfi
A recursive distributed topology discovery service for grid clients.	Luca Valcarenghi
A reduced Laplacian pyramid for lossless and progressive image communication.	Luciano Alparone
A reduced complexity estimation algorithm for ultrasound images de-blurring.	Luca De Marchi
A reduced memory bandwidth and high throughput HDTV motion compensation decoder for H.264/AVC High 4: 2: 2 profile.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
A reduced semantics for deciding trace equivalence using constraint systems.	Lucca Hirschi
A reference collection for web spam.	Luca Becchetti
A refinement of the variation diminishing property of Bézier curves.	Luc Biard
A region-based theory for state assignment in speed-independent circuits.	Luciano Lavagno
A regularization algorithm for decoding perceptual temporal profiles from fMRI data.	Luca Zanni
A relax-and-cut algorithm for the prize-collecting Steiner problem in graphs.	Abilio Lucena
A remotely controlled coaxial switch for impedance standard calibration.	Luca Callegaro
A repository based on a dynamically extensible data model supporting multidisciplinary research in neuroscience.	Luca Corradi
A resource-based approach to strategy analysis in the new digital television arena.	Luca Turba
A resource-based view of competitive advantage at the Port of Singapore.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
A resource-frugal probabilistic dictionary and applications in (meta)genomics.	Lucie Bittner
A reusable coverage-driven verification environment for Network-on-Chip communication in embedded system platforms.	Luca Fanucci
A review of localization algorithms for distributed wireless sensor networks in manufacturing.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
A rewriting logic framework for operational semantics of membrane systems.	Dorel Lucanu
A roadmap of problem frames research.	Lucia Rapanotti
A robust SN-DG-approximation for radiation transport in optically thick and diffusive regimes.	Jean-Luc Guermond
A robust cerebral asymmetry in the infant brain: The rightward superior temporal sulcus.	Lucie Hertz-Pannier
A robust cross-layer metric for routing protocol in mobile wireless ad hoc networks.	Luca Fabbrini
A robust electro-thermal IGBT SPICE model: Application to short-circuit protection circuit design.	Luca Maresca
A robust ranging scheme for OFDMA-based networks.	Luca Sanguinetti
A robust, fast, and accurate deconvolution algorithm for EM-field measurements around GSM and UMTS base stations with a spectrum analyzer.	Luc Martens
A role for startups in unleashing the disruptive power of social media.	Luca Gastaldi
A role-based mobile-agent approach to support e-democracy.	Luca Ferrari
A safety assessment methodology applied to CNS/ATM-based air traffic control system.	Lucio Flavio Vismari
A sample storage management system for biobanks.	Lucile Alteyrac
A satisfaction-based model for affect recognition from conversational features in spoken dialog systems.	Juan Manuel Lucas-Cuesta
A scalable algorithm for RTL insertion of gated clocks based on ODCs computation.	Luca Benini
A scheme for authentication and dynamic key exchange in wireless networks.	Luca Salgarelli
A scheme of colour image retrieval from databases.	Manuel J. Lucena
A scientific workflow environment for Earth system related studies.	Cecelia DeLuca
A security assistance system combining person tracking with chemical attributes and video event analysis.	Gian Luca Foresti
A selectionist mechanism for autonomous behavior acquisition.	Luc Steels
A self-adaptive multi-engine solver for quantified Boolean formulas.	Luca Pulina
A self-taught artificial agent for multi-physics computational model personalization.	Lucian Mihai Itu
A semantic approach to the discovery of workflow activity patterns in event logs.	Lucinéia Heloisa Thom
A semantic model for scholarly electronic publishing in Biomedical Sciences.	Luciana Reis Malheiros
A semantic-based federated cloud system for emergency response.	Luca Spalazzi
A semantic-based platform for the digital analysis of architectural heritage.	Livio De Luca
A semi-Lagrangian discontinuous Galerkin method for scalar advection by incompressible flows.	Luca Bonaventura
A semi-analytic method for the design of OFDM systems.	Luciano Tomba
A semi-automatic system for segmentation of cardiac M-mode images.	Luca Bertelli
A semi-implicit conservation element-solution element method for chemical species transport simulation to tapered ducts of internal combustion engine.	Lucas Jódar
A semi-implicit, semi-Lagrangian, p-adaptive discontinuous Galerkin method for the shallow water equations.	Luca Bonaventura
A semismooth equation approach to the solution of nonlinear complementarity problems.	Tecla De Luca
A sensitivity approach to optimal spline robot trajectories.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
A sequent calculus and a theorem prover for standard conditional logics.	Gian Luca Pozzato
A sequential machine vision procedure for assessing paper impurities.	Luca Ceccarelli
A service architecture for fixed and mobile convergence.	Ferdinando Lucidi
A session initiation protocol for the Internet of Things.	Luca Veltri
A shape-based segmentation algorithm for X-ray digital subtraction angiography images.	Luca Marsili
A simple algorithm for generating random variates with a log-concave density.	Luc Devroye
A simple algorithm to find the L-curve corner in the regularization of inverse problems.	Luca Callegaro
A simple and approximately optimal mechanism for an additive buyer.	Brendan Lucier
A simple and low-cost control strategy for active power filters connected in cascade.	Luciano Fernandez
A simple generator for discrete log-concave distributions.	Luc Devroye
A simple method for decision making in robocup soccer simulation 3d environment	Caro Lucas
A simple neural framework for bandwidth reservation of VoIP communications in cost-effective devices.	Luca Caviglione
A simple proof that a word of length n has at most 2n distinct squares.	Lucian Ilie
A simple solution to the k-core problem.	Malwina J. Luczak
A simple yet efficient algorithm for multiple kernel learning under elastic-net constraints.	Luca Citi
A simulation tool for combined rail/road transport in intermodal terminals.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A simulation tool for nanoscale biological networks.	Luca Felicetti
A slot swapping protocol for time-critical internetworking.	Lucia Lo Bello
A smart gas sensor for environmental monitoring, compliant with the IEEE 1451 standard and featuring a simplified transducer interface.	Luca Roselli
A smart gas sensor for environmental monitoring, compliant with the IEEE 1451 standard and featuring a simplified transducer interface.	Luca Masini
A smart gas sensor for environmental monitoring, compliant with the IEEE 1451 standard and featuring a simplified transducer interface.	Lucia Bissi
A smart gas sensor for environmental monitoring, compliant with the IEEE 1451 standard and featuring a simplified transducer interface.	Luca Marrocchi
A smooth method for the finite minimax problem.	Stefano Lucidi
A smoothness criterion for monotonicity-preserving subdivision.	Lucia Romani
A social approach to context-aware retrieval.	Luca Vassena
A software approach for automatic selection of programmable logic controllers - preliminary study.	Lucien Ngalamou
A software for learning Information Theory basics with emphasis on Entropy of Spanish	Lucio A. Perez
A software framework for process flow execution of stochastic multi-scale integrated models.	Jean-Luc de Kok
A software-hardware selective attention system.	Luciana Carota
A solution method for linear variational relation problems.	Dinh The Luc
A spatial logic for concurrency (part I).	Luca Cardelli
A spatial logic for concurrency - II.	Luca Cardelli
A specification language for coordinated objects.	Dorel Lucanu
A spectral framework for sperm shape characterization.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A spectral, quasi-cylindrical and dispersion-free Particle-In-Cell algorithm.	Jean-Luc Vay
A spectrum of logical definitions of model-based diagnosis.	Luca Console
A splitting method for incompressible flows with variable density based on a pressure Poisson equation.	Jean-Luc Guermond
A stabilization algorithm of the Navier-Stokes equations based on algebraic Bernoulli equation.	Luca Amodei
A stable programming language.	Luca Paolini
A standard correspondence on epicentral words.	Aldo de Luca
A state-based noise reduction approach for non-stationary additive interference.	Luc Gagnon
A statistical analysis of the trading agent competition 2001.	Pier Luca Lanzi
A statistical and syntactical approach to datawarehouse design quality.	Lucio Ieronutti
A statistical approach to the traceroute-like exploration of networks: theory and simulations	Luca Dall'Asta
A stereo-vision system for support of planetary surface exploration.	Luc J. Van Gool
A strong evidence for the existence of a large-scale integrated spectral representation in vowel perception.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
A strong ionization model in plasma physics.	Brigitte Lucquin-Desreux
A strong symmetric formulation for the Min-degree Constrained Minimum Spanning Tree Problem.	Abilio Lucena
A structured geometric database in an off-line robot programming system.	Luc Van Aken
A structured methodology for the design and implementation of control and supervision systems for robotic applications.	Luca Ferrarini
A study about dimensional change of industrial parts using fuzzy rules.	Ana Lucía Dai Pra
A study for interactive TV via satellite.	Luca Longo
A study of current logic design practices in the automotive manufacturing industry.	Morrison Ray Lucas
A study of depth/texture bit-rate allocation in multi-view video plus depth compression.	Luce Morin
A study of random Weyl trees.	Luc Devroye
A study on the geographical distribution of Brazil's prestigious software developers.	Lucas Bibiano dos Santos
A study on the performances of dynamic classifier selection based on local accuracy estimation.	Luca Didaci
A study on the performances of dynamic classifier selection based on local accuracy estimation.	Gian Luca Marcialis
A study on unfitted 1D finite element methods.	Lucia Gastaldi
A subgrid computation of the curvature by a particle/level-set method. Application to a front-tracking/ghost-fluid method for incompressible flows.	Jean-Luc Estivalezes
A subject-specific framework for in vivo myeloarchitectonic analysis using high resolution quantitative MRI.	Christine Lucas Tardif
A suboptimal lossy data compression based on approximate pattern matching.	Tomasz Luczak
A subspace co-training framework for multi-view clustering.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A suitable generalized predictive adaptive controller case study: Control of a flexible arm.	Luc Dugard
A super-replication theorem in Kabanov's model of transaction costs.	Luciano Campi
A surface EMG generation model with multilayer cylindrical description of the volume conductor.	Luca Mesin
A survey of Boolean matching techniques for library binding.	Luca Benini
A survey of context data distribution for mobile ubiquitous systems.	Luca Foschini
A survey of design techniques for system-level dynamic power management.	Luca Benini
A survey of ethics and regulation within the ICT industry in Australia: ethics education.	Richard Lucas
A survey of general-purpose experiment management tools for distributed systems.	Lucas Nussbaum
A survey of index generation programs.	Lucille H. Campey
A survey of numerical methods for IVPs of ODEs with discontinuous right-hand side.	Luca Dieci
A survey of numerical methods for IVPs of ODEs with discontinuous right-hand side.	Luciano Lopez
A survey of symbolic methods for establishing equivalence-based properties in cryptographic protocols.	Lucca Hirschi
A survey of the communication theory literature: 1968-1973.	Robert W. Lucky
A survey on Information Visualization in light of Vision and Cognitive sciences.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
A survey on cross-layer solutions for wireless sensor networks.	Lucas D. P. Mendes
A survey on energy-aware security mechanisms.	Luca Caviglione
A survey on metaheuristics for stochastic combinatorial optimization.	Luca Maria Gambardella
A survey on multi-constrained optimal path computation: Exact and approximate algorithms.	Luca Tavanti
A survey on pervasive education.	Ulrike Lucke
A survey on reuse in the business process management domain.	Lucinéia Heloisa Thom
A synchronization technique for generalized frequency division multiplexing.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
A synchronized two-phase sinewave generator for AC metrology system compensations.	Luca Callegaro
A syntactic characterization of authorship style surrounding proper names.	Ana Lucic
A synthesis of automated planning and reinforcement learning for efficient, robust decision-making.	Luca Iocchi
A synthesis of side-channel attacks on elliptic curve cryptography in smart-cards.	Jean-Luc Danger
A system to build distributed multivariate models and manage disparate data sharing policies: implementation in the scalable national network for effectiveness research.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
A systematic approach to nD orientation representation.	Lucas J. van Vliet
A systematic comparison of supervised classifiers.	Luciano da F. Costa
A systematic review in the decision analysis of selecting an IT outsourcing supplier.	Lucas Grossi
A systematic review of UML model consistency management.	Francisco J. Lucas
A systematic review of domain analysis tools.	Daniel Lucrédio
A systematic study of genome context methods: calibration, normalization and combination.	Luciana Ferrer
A tabu search algorithm for scheduling pharmaceutical packaging operations.	Luca Venditti
A tail dependence-based dissimilarity measure for financial time series clustering.	Giovanni De Luca
A task-uncoordinated distributed dataflow model for scalable high performance parallel program execution.	Lucas A. Wilson
A taxonomy for and analysis of multi-person-display ecosystems.	Lucia Terrenghi
A taxonomy-based model of security and privacy in online social networks.	Luca Caviglione
A technique for graph embedding with constraints on node and arc correspondences.	Fabrizio Luccio
A technique for nonlinearity self-calibration of DLLs.	Luca Fanucci
A technique to obtain effective locality of computation in FORTRAN IV.	Luca Majocchi
A technique to obtain effective locality of computation in FORTRAN IV.	Luca Rodda
A temporal logic approach to modular design of synthetic biological circuits.	Luca Bortolussi
A temporal logic for micro- and macro-step-based real-time systems: Foundations and applications.	Luca Ferrucci
A tensor-based approach to touch modality classification by using machine learning.	Lucia Seminara
A test for bivariate normality with applications in microeconometric models.	Riccardo Lucchetti
A texture approach to leukocyte recognition.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
A theoretical model of dentinogenesis: Dentin and dentinal tubule formation.	María Lucia Gutiérrez
A theory of contracts for Web services.	Luca Padovani
A thermoelastic system of memory type in noncylindrical domains.	Luci Harue Fatori
A thorough analysis of the performance of delay distribution models for IEEE 802.11 DCF.	Jean-Luc Scharbarg
A three-dimensional model for the study of the cooling system of submersible electric pumps.	Luciano Misici
A threshold property for intersections in a finite set.	Jean-Luc Paillet
A tight characterization of NP with 3 query PCPs	Luca Trevisan
A tissue P system and a DNA microfluidic device for solving the shortest common superstring problem.	Lucas Ledesma
A tissue P system and a DNA microfluidic device for solving the shortest common superstring problem.	Lucas Ledesma
A tool for linguistic assessment of rehabilitation exercises.	Luca Ascari
A tool for mapping Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms using Graphics Processing Units.	Luciano Milanesi
A tool to support the shared understanding of manufacturing systems organization in innovation processes.	António Lucas Soares
A toolset for efficient privacy-oriented virtual network embedding and its instantiation on SDN/OpenFlow-based substrates.	Luciana S. Buriol
A toolset for efficient privacy-oriented virtual network embedding and its instantiation on SDN/OpenFlow-based substrates.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
A topical evaluation and discussion of data movement technologies for data-intensive scientific applications.	Luca Cinquini
A topological characterization of complete distributive lattices.	Lucian Beznea
A truncated Newton method in an augmented Lagrangian framework for nonlinear programming.	Stefano Lucidi
A tunable highly linear CMOS transconductor with 80 dB of SFDR.	Lucía Acosta
A tutorial on the positive realization problem.	Luca Benvenuti
A two-dimensional fourth-order unstructured-meshed Euler solver based on the CESE method.	Jean-Luc Cambier
A two-layered classifier based on the radial basis function for the screening of thalassaemia.	Giovanni Luca Masala
A two-phase insertion technique of unexpected customers for a dynamic dial-a-ride problem.	Luca Coslovich
A two-step multi-frame detection procedure for radar systems.	Luca Venturino
A twofold model for the analysis of access control policies in industrial networked systems.	Lucia Seno
A twofold model for the analysis of access control policies in industrial networked systems.	Luca Durante
A typed text retrieval query language for XML documents.	Luca Lini
A unified framework for input-to-state stability in systems with two time scales.	Luc Moreau
A unified framework for interpolating and approximating univariate subdivision.	Lucia Romani
A unified framework for peak detection and alignment: application to HR-MAS 2D NMR spectroscopy.	Lucien Rumbach
A unifying criterion for unsupervised clustering and feature selection.	Henri Luchian
A unifying framework for concept-learning algorithms.	Luc De Raedt
A unifying view on some problems in probability and statistics.	Luca Pratelli
A universal open-source Electronic Laboratory Notebook.	Lucile Alteyrac
A universal performance factor for multi-criteria evaluation of multistage interconnection networks.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
A usability-driven approach to the development of a 3D web-GIS environment.	Luca Paolino
A user-centric evaluation of context-aware recommendations for a mobile news service.	Luc Martens
A variable bit rate video codec for asynchronous transfer mode networks.	Luc Pinnoo
A variance-based method to rank input variables of the Mesh Adaptive Direct Search algorithm.	Luc Adjengue
A versatile PC-based range finding system.	Jean-Luc Jezouin
A versatile intensity-based 3D/2D rigid registration compatible with mobile C-arm for endovascular treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysm.	Antoine Lucas
A virtual discrete rainfall simulator.	Laurent Lucas
A virtual reality system for strengthening awareness and participation in rehabilitation for post-stroke patients.	Luca Fontana
A visual analysis/synthesis feedback loop for accurate face tracking.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
A visual programming language for drawing and executing flowcharts	Drazen Lucanin
A visual-sharing switching device supporting programmable in-network content adaptation.	Namgon Lucas Kim
A volunteered geographic information system for collecting and rating petroglyph data.	Luca Paolino
A wavelet-based framework for acquired radiometric quantity representation and accurate physical rendering.	Luc Claustres
A web application for sample size and power calculation in case-control microbiome studies.	Luc Bijnens
A web application for the unspecific detection of differentially expressed DNA regions in strand-specific expression data.	Lucas J. Morales
A web platform for the consultation of spatialized and semantically enriched iconographic sources on cultural heritage buildings.	Livio De Luca
A web resource for mining HLA associations with adverse drug reactions: HLA-ADR.	Andrea Luciana Soares da Silva
A web-based platform for automatic and continuous landslide monitoring: The Rotolon (Eastern Italian Alps) case study.	Luca Schenato
A wireless sensor network-based approach to large-scale dimensional metrology.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
A wireless system for gait and posture analysis based on pressure insoles and Inertial Measurement Units.	Luca Benini
A-posteriori Provenance-enabled Linking of Publications and Datasets via Crowdsourcing.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
A-posteriori Provenance-enabled Linking of Publications and Datasets via Crowdsourcing.	Luc Moreau
ACK Skipping: enabling QoS for multimedia communications in WiFi hot spots.	Luca Vollero
ACKS: a technique to reduce the impact of legacy stations in 802.11e EDCA WLANs.	Luca Vollero
ACM HotMobile 2013 poster: vehicular inter-networking via named data.	Lucas Wang
ACT: aggregation and correlation toolbox for analyses of genome tracks.	Lucas Lochovsky
ACTIVAge: proACTIVe and Self-Adaptive Social Sensor Network for Ageing People.	Luca Tesei
ADIC: An Extensible Automatic Differentiation Tool for ANSI-C.	Lucas Roh
AEDBAR-A Software System for Designing and Analysing Planar Bar Mechanisms.	J. B. M. Lucassen
AI Research in the Benelux - Guest Editorial.	Luc De Raedt
ALC + T: a Preferential Extension of Description Logics.	Gian Luca Pozzato
AMON: a wearable multiparameter medical monitoring and alert system.	Luca Coluccini
ANIMATED-TEM: a toolbox for electron microscope automation based on image analysis.	Jean-Luc Buessler
ANISOMAT+: An automatic tool to retrieve seismic anisotropy from local earthquakes.	Lucia Margheriti
ANTS 2010 special issue - Editorial.	Luca Maria Gambardella
AOI-cast in distributed virtual environments: an approach based on delay tolerant reverse compass routing.	Luca Genovali
APRImora: An Architecture Based on Semantic Web to Retrieve Information in Pattern Repositories.	Lucas Francisco da Matta Vegi
APROMORE: An advanced process model repository.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
AQME'10.	Luca Pulina
AQUAGRID: an extensible platform for collaborative problem solving in groundwater protection.	Luca Fanfani
AQuoSA - adaptive quality of service architecture.	Luca Marzario
ARGoS: a modular, parallel, multi-engine simulator for multi-robot systems.	Luca Maria Gambardella
ARMR: Anonymous routing protocol with multiple routes for communications in mobile ad hoc networks.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
ARQ Protocols and Unidirectional Codes.	Luca G. Tallini
ARWAR: A network approach for predicting Adverse Drug Reactions.	Oscar Méndez-Lucio
AS2-MAC: An Energy-efficient MAC Protocol for Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Mainetti
AS2-MAC: An Energy-efficient MAC Protocol for Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Anchora
ASAP7: A 7-nm finFET predictive process design kit.	Lucian Shifren
ASIP-based reconfigurable architectures for power-efficient and real-time image/video processing.	Luca Fanucci
ASPD (Artificially Selected Proteins/Peptides Database): a database of proteins and peptides evolved in vitro.	Luciano Milanesi
ASSESS: A Simulator of Soft Errors in the Configuration Memory of SRAM-Based FPGAs.	Luca Cassano
ASSESS: A Simulator of Soft Errors in the Configuration Memory of SRAM-Based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
ASSIsT: an automatic SNP scoring tool for in- and outbreeding species.	Luca Bianco
ASTEP (2005-2015): Ten years of soft error and atmospheric radiation characterization on the Plateau de Bure.	Jean-Luc Autran
ATLAS and CMS applications on the WorldGrid testbed	Luca Vaccarossa
ATLAS: A Three-Layered Approach to Facade Parsing.	Luc Van Gool
ATUCG - An Agent-Based Environment for Automatic Annotation of Genomes.	Luciana F. Schroeder
Abelian bordered factors and periodicity.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Abelian bordered factors and periodicity.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Abelian complexity of minimal subshifts.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Abelian returns in Sturmian words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Abnormal P300 in people with high risk of developing psychosis.	Lucia Valmaggia
About ML DA timing estimation for filter bank based MC transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
About cut elimination for logics of common knowledge.	Luca Alberucci
About experiments and style - A critique of laboratory research in information systems.	Lucas D. Introna
About minimum distance for QPP interleavers.	Lucian Trifina
About the asymptotic performance of MMSE MIMO DFE for filter-bank based multicarrier transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
About the diversity in cyclic prefixed single-carrier systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
About time-variant reliability analysis with reference to passive systems assessment.	Luciano Burgazzi
Abrupt change detection with One-Class Time-Adaptive Support Vector Machines.	Lucas C. Uzal
Abstract Clock-Based Design of a JPEG Encoder.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Abstract Data Views.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Abstract Data Views: An Interface Specification Concept to Enhance Design for Reuse.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Abstract Interpretation Against Races.	Luca Tesei
Abstract Interpretation and Model Checking for Checking Secure Information Flow in Concurrent Systems.	Luca Tesei
Abstract Machines of Systems Biology.	Luca Cardelli
Abstract correction of first-order functional programs.	Salvador Lucas
Abstract specification and formalization of an operating system kernel in Z.	Luciano Barreto
Abstraction and control techniques for non-stationary scheduling problems	Luca Pretini
Abstraction on clinical data sequences: an object-oriented data model and a query language based on the event calculus.	Luca Chittaro
Abstractions for genomics.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
AcMus: an Open, Integrated Platform for Room Acoustics Research.	Luciana Dias
Academic capacity building: holding up a mirror.	Luc Janssens de Bisthoven
Academic-industrial international cooperations for engineering education.	Luca Canetta
Academics as orchestrators of continuous innovation ecosystems: towards a fourth generation of CI initiatives.	Luca Gastaldi
Accelerated Block Preconditioned Gradient method for large scale wave functions calculations in Density Functional Theory.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
Accelerated and Inexact Forward-Backward Algorithms.	Luca Baldassarre
Accelerating MapReduce framework on multi-GPU systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Accelerating low-fidelity aerodynamic codes on multi- and many-core architectures.	Luc Ostiguy
Acceleration of Solving the Dynamic Multi-Objective Network Design Problem Using Response Surface Methods.	Luc J. J. Wismans
Acceleration of XML Parsing through Prefetching.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Acceleration of maximum likelihood reconstruction, using frequency amplification and attenuation compensation.	Luc Mortelmans
Acceleration of relaxation-based circuit simulation using a multiprocessor system.	Luc J. M. Claesen
Accelerator Memory Reuse in the Dark Silicon Era.	Luca P. Carloni
Accelerometer-based fall detection using optimized ZigBee data streaming.	Luca Benini
Accelerometer-based gesture control for a design environment.	Luca Jozzo
Accelerometry-Based Home Monitoring for Detection of Nocturnal Hypermotor Seizures Based on Novelty Detection.	Stijn Luca
Accelerometry-based prediction of movement dynamics for balance monitoring.	Valeria Lucia Fuschillo
Acceptable Functional Programming Systems.	Luc Duponcheel
Access resistor modelling for EEPROM's retention test vehicle.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Access to rows and columns of a rectangular array in a concentricloop bubble memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
Accessibility of Educational Multimedia: in search of specific standards.	Lucia Ferlino
Accessibility of Radiology Equipment for Patients with Mobility Disabilities.	Adam C. Luce
Accessing Grid and Cloud Services Through a Scientific Web Portal.	Luciano Gaido
Accommodating Learning Styles in an Adaptive Educational System.	Lucian Moraret
Accountability in organisations.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Accounting for Nonlinearity in the MCDM Approach for a Transportation Planning Application.	Luca Quadrifoglio
Accounting for components interactions in the differential importance measure.	Luca Podofillini
Accounting for magnetic saturation in induction machines modelling.	Luc Dugard
Accuracy and robustness of decision making techniques in condition based maintenance.	Luc Adjengue
Accuracy vs. Precision in Digital VLSI Architectures for Signal Processing.	Luciano Briozzo
Accurate Assessment of Electromagnetic Exposure From WiMAX Signals Using a Spectrum Analyzer.	Luc Martens
Accurate Estimation of the Hurst Parameter of Long-Range Dependent Traffic Using Modified Allan and Hadamard Variances.	Luca Jmoda
Accurate Predictive Interconnect Modeling for System-Level Design.	Luca P. Carloni
Accurate characterization of intermodulation noise in multi carrier wide band power amplifiers based on a digital synthesis of pseudo noise gaussian stimuli.	Luc Lapierre
Accurate cloud-based smart IMT measurement, its validation and stroke risk stratification in carotid ultrasound: A web-based point-of-care tool for multicenter clinical trial.	Luca Saba
Accurate estimation of the Hurst parameter of long-range dependent traffic using modified Allan and Hadamard variances.	Luca Jmoda
Accurate glottal model parametrization by integrating audio and high-speed endoscopic video data.	Gian Luca Foresti
Accurate numerical solution of initial value problems for the time dependent convection-diffusion equation.	Lucas Jódar
Accurate polynomial root-finding methods for symmetric tridiagonal matrix eigenproblems.	Luca Gemignani
Accurate, fully-automated NMR spectral profiling for metabolomics.	Claudio Luchinat
Achievable Gains of Directional Antennas in Outdoor-Indoor Propagation Environments.	Luciano Ahumada
Achievable sets, brambles, and sparse treewidth obstructions.	Brian Lucena
Achieving Distributed Consensus in UWB Sensor Networks: A Low Sampling Rate Scheme with Quantized Measurements.	Luca Sanguinetti
Achieving Global Optimality for Energy Efficiency Maximization in Wireless Networks.	Luca Sanguinetti
Achieving High Research Reporting Quality Through the Use of Computational Ontologies.	Luciana Cofiel
Achieving Humanlike Motion: Resolving Redundancy for Anthropomorphic Industrial Manipulators.	Luca Bascetta
Achieving Pareto Optimality Through Distributed Learning.	Lucy Y. Pao
Achieving energy efficiency through runtime partial reconfiguration on reconfigurable systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Achieving middleware execution efficiency: hardware-assisted garbage collection operations.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Achieving side-channel high-order correlation immunity with leakage squeezing.	Jean-Luc Danger
Acoustic Reflector Localization: Novel Image Source Reversion and Direct Localization Methods.	Luca Remaggi
Acoustic landmarks drive delta-theta oscillations to enable speech comprehension by facilitating perceptual parsing.	Luc H. Arnal
Acquiring nanotechnology capabilities: role of mergers and acquisitions.	Luciano Kay
Acquiring object-knowledge.	Luc De Raedt
Acquisition Times in Magnetic Resonance Imaging: Optimization in Clinical Use.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Action Potential Initiation in the Hodgkin-Huxley Model.	Lucy J. Colwell
Action recognition by using kernels on aclets sequences.	Luc Brun
Action-Based Multi-Camera Synchronization.	Luca Zini
Actionness Estimation Using Hybrid Fully Convolutional Networks.	Luc Van Gool
Active Context-Free Games.	Luc Segoufin
Active DC Voltage Balancing PWM Technique for High-Power Cascaded Multilevel Converters.	Luca Tarisciotti
Active Exploration in Robust Unmanned Vehicle Task Assignment.	Luca F. Bertuccelli
Active Filter for the Removal of the DC Current Component for Single-Phase Power Lines.	Luca Consolini
Active Integrity Constraints and Revision Programming	Luciano Caroprese
Active Integrity Constraints for Database Consistency Maintenance.	Luciano Caroprese
Active Optical 3D Imaging for Heritage Applications.	Luc Cournoyer
Active PCE demonstration performing elastic operations and hitless defragmentation in flexible grid optical networks.	Luca Potì
Active SLAM and Exploration with Particle Filters Using Kullback-Leibler Divergence.	Luca Carlone
Active State Estimation for Nonlinear Systems: A Neural Approximation Approach.	Luca Scardovi
Active Target Tracking and Cooperative Localization for Teams of Aerial Vehicles.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Active Tuning of Intrinsic Camera Parameters.	Gian Luca Foresti
Active and Semi-active Adaptive Control for Undamaged and Damaged Building Structures Under Seismic Load.	Luciana R. Barroso
Active control of vibrations in helicopters via pole assignment techniques.	Luca Moiraghi
Active documents in XML.	Luca Bompani
Active filtering of physiological motion in robotized surgery using predictive control.	Luc Soler
Active integrity constraints and revision programming.	Luciano Caroprese
Active mode observability of switching linear systems.	Luca Scardovi
Active object recognition by view integration and reinforcement learning.	Lucas Paletta
Active vibration control of a fluid/plate system using a pole placement controller.	Lucie Baudouin
ActiveGraph: A digital library visualization tool.	Richard Luce
Activity patterns in process-aware information systems: basic concepts and empirical evidence.	Lucinéia Heloisa Thom
Actors vs Shared Memory: two models at work on Big Data application frameworks.	Luca Tronchin
Ada Exception Handling: An Axiomatic Approach.	David C. Luckham
Adam: An Ada-based Language for Multiprocessing.	David C. Luckham
Adaptabilidad de las tecnologías RFID y NFC a un contexto educativo: Una experiencia en trabajo cooperativo.	Ramón Hervás Lucas
Adaptability Checking in Multi-Level Complex Systems.	Luca Tesei
Adaptability checking in complex systems.	Luca Tesei
Adaptable Multi-Agent Systems: the Case of the Gaia Methodology.	Luca Cernuzzi
Adaptable visual presentation of 2D and 3D learning materials in web-based cyberworlds.	Luca Chittaro
Adaptable visual presentation of 2D and 3D learning materials in web-based cyberworlds.	Lucio Ieronutti
Adaptations that Virtual Teams Make so that Complex Tasks Can Be Performed Using Simple E-Collaboration Technologies.	Dorrie DeLuca
Adapting SAM for CDF	Luciano Piccoli
Adapting on-line analytical processing for decision modelling: the interaction of information and decision technologies.	Cormac Lucas
Adapting the Duty Cycle to Traffic Load in a Preamble Sampling MAC for WSNs: Formal Specification and Performance Evaluation.	Luca Cassano
Adapting the Ranging Algorithm to the Positioning Technique in UWB Sensor Networks.	Luca Reggiani
Adaptive Background Estimation: Computing a Pixel-Wise Learning Rate from Local Confidence and Global Correlation Values.	Luc Berthouze
Adaptive Channel Allocation for Wireless PCN.	André-Luc Beylot
Adaptive Direct-Tuning Control for Variable-Speed Diesel-Electric Generating Units.	Luca Solero
Adaptive Estimation of Time-Varying Sparse Signals.	Lucas W. Krakow
Adaptive Generalized Polynomial Chaos for Nonlinear Random Oscillators.	Didier Lucor
Adaptive Hypermedia Techniques for 3D Educational Virtual Environments.	Luca Chittaro
Adaptive Interpolation Based on Pólya Frequency Functions.	Luc Knockaert
Adaptive Latency Insensitive Protocols and Elastic Circuits with Early Evaluation: A Comparative Analysis.	Luca Macchiarulo
Adaptive Latency-Insensitive Protocols.	Luca Macchiarulo
Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System Models for Force Prediction of a Mechatronic Flexible Structure.	Luc Baron
Adaptive Power Allocation in Wireless Sensor Networks with Spatially Correlated Data and Analog Modulation: Perfect and Imperfect CSI.	Luc Vandendorpe
Adaptive Power Management for Environmentally Powered Systems.	Luca Benini
Adaptive Road Profile Estimation in Semiactive Car Suspensions.	Luc Dugard
Adaptive Scanning for Online 3D Model Acquisition.	Luc Van Gool
Adaptive Weighted Vector Median Filter using a gradient algorithm.	Laurent Lucat
Adaptive Workload Management through Elastic Scheduling.	Luca Abeni
Adaptive and Weighted Collaborative Representations for image classification.	Luc J. Van Gool
Adaptive and global optimization methods for weighted vector median filters.	Laurent Lucat
Adaptive appearance model tracking for still-to-video face recognition.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Adaptive bandwidth balancing mechanisms for DQDB networks.	Luca Durante
Adaptive computational models of fast learning of motion direction discrimination.	Lucia M. Vaina
Adaptive dynamic thread scheduling for simultaneous multithreaded architectures with a detector thread.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Adaptive ensembles for face recognition in changing video surveillance environments.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Adaptive finite element for semi-linear convection-diffusion problems.	Luc Pouly
Adaptive importance sampling in signal processing.	Luca Martino
Adaptive input shaping for maneuvering flexible structures.	Lucy Y. Pao
Adaptive interconnected observer for sensorless induction motor.	Luc Loron
Adaptive interpiconet scheduling for multipurpose scatternet scenarios.	Luci Pirmez
Adaptive kernel estimation of the baseline function in the Cox model with high-dimensional covariates.	Marie-Luce Taupin
Adaptive learning in the educational e-LORS system: an approach based on preference categories.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
Adaptive memory programming: A unified view of metaheuristics.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Adaptive mouth segmentation using chromatic features.	Simon Lucey
Adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference systems for epidemiological analysis of soybean rust.	Luciana Sanches Alves
Adaptive organizational changes in agent-oriented methodologies.	Luca Cernuzzi
Adaptive parametric algorithms for processing coherent Doppler-lidar signal.	Jean-Luc Zarader
Adaptive pre- and post-compensation of nonlinear distortions for high-level data Modulations.	Luca Giugno
Adaptive prediction of epileptic seizures from intracranial recordings.	Caro Lucas
Adaptive real-time scheduling for legacy multimedia applications.	Luca Abeni
Adaptive recursive deconvolution and adaptive noise cancellation.	Luciano Pandolfi
Adaptive removal of gradients-induced artefacts on ECG in MRI: a performance analysis of RLS filtering.	Luciano Mirarchi
Adaptive routing protocol for mobile ad hoc networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Adaptive threshold based on wavelet transform applied to the segmentation of single and combined power quality disturbances.	Luciano C. M. Andrade
Adaptive tracking of angular velocity for a planar rigid body with unknown models for inertia and input nonlinearity.	Jean-Luc Valk
Adaptive training interfaces for less-experienced, elderly users of electronic devices.	Lucienne T. M. Blessing
Adaptive video communication for an intelligent distributed system: Tuning sensors parameters for surveillance purposes.	Gian Luca Foresti
Adaptive-Tree Multicast: Efficient Multidestination Support for CMP Communication Substrate.	Lucia G. Menezo
Adaptivity in Space and Time for Reaction-Diffusion Systems in Electrocardiology.	Luca F. Pavarino
Adaptivity in high-performance embedded systems: a reactive control model for reliable and flexible design.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Adding Action Refinement to a Finite Process Algebra	Luca Aceto
Adding dynamics to the Human Connectome Project with MEG.	Gian Luca Romani
Adding modular predicates.	Luc Dartois
Addition Patterns in Carbon Allotropes: Independence Numbers and d-Codes in the Klein and Related Graphs.	Luca Bellarosa
Additive Composition of Supervised Self Organizing Maps.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Additive One-Dimensional Cellular Automata are Chaotic According to Devaney's Definition of Chaos.	Luciano Margara
Additive and Multiplicative Two-Level Spectral Preconditioning for General Linear Systems.	Luc Giraud
Addressing corner detection issues for machine vision based UAV aerial refueling.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Addressing the interoperability in cloud: the vendor agent.	Luca Tasquier
Adepth: new representation and its implications for atomic depths of macromolecules.	Jean-Luc Pellequer
Adherence to a treatment of cranial deformities with a sensorised brace device.	Lucero Rosas
Adherences of Languages.	Luc Boasson
Adimen-SUMO: Reengineering an Ontology for First-Order Reasoning.	Paqui Lucio
Adjugate Diffusion Tensors for Geodesic Tractography in White Matter.	Luc Florack
Administrative health data in Canada: lessons from history.	Kelsey Lucyk
Admissible speeds of transition fronts for nonautonomous monostable equations.	Luca Rossi 0006
Adolescents in the internet age - By Paris S Strom and Robert D Strom.	Lucy R. Betts
AdvISER-PYRO: Amplicon Identification using SparsE Representation of PYROsequencing signal.	Jean-Luc Gala
Advance Reservation-based Computational Resource Brokering using Earliest Start Time Estimation.	André Luckow
Advanced Data Management for real-time data intensive applications and services.	Luca Carafoli
Advanced Diagnosis of Electrical Faults in Wound-Rotor Induction Machines.	Luca Zarri
Advanced Encryption Standard - Verschlüsselungsstandard für das einundzwanzigste Jahrhundert.	Stefan Lucks
Advanced MRI techniques to improve our understanding of experience-induced neuroplasticity.	Christine Lucas Tardif
Advanced Power Electronic Conversion and Control System for Universal and Flexible Power Management.	Luca Tarisciotti
Advanced Real-Time Indoor Tracking Based on the Viterbi Algorithm and Semantic Data.	Luc Martens
Advanced Software Protection Now	Luciano Notarfrancesco
Advanced Visualization and Interaction Systems for Surgical Pre-operative Planning.	Lucio Tommaso De Paolis
Advanced computational engineering.	Lucas Jódar Sánchez
Advanced image-processing tools for counting people in tourist site-monitoring applications.	Lucio Marcenaro
Advanced multimodal visualisation of clinical gait and fluoroscopy analyses in the assessment of total knee replacement.	Luca Astolfi
Advanced overtaking behaviors for blocking opponents in racing games using a fuzzy architecture.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Advanced vegetation indices optimized for up-coming sensors: Design, performance, and applications.	Jean-Luc Widlowski
Advanced virtualization capabilities of POWER5 systems.	Kyle A. Lucke
Advances in Computer Displays.	Luc Renambot
Advances in Domestic Service Robots in the Real World.	Luca Iocchi
Advances in Large Vocabulary Speech Recognition.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Advances in Mining Graphs, Trees and Sequences.	Luc De Raedt
Advances in Model-Driven Security.	Levi Lucio
Advances in the theory of μŁΠ algebras.	Luca Spada
Advances in transcription of broadcast news and conversational telephone speech within the combined EARS BBN/LIMSI system.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Advances on Software Defined Sensor, Mobile, and Fixed Networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Advancing Software Engineering Professional Education.	Scott Lucero
Advancing translational research with the Semantic Web.	Joanne Luciano
Adversarial Biometric Recognition : A review on biometric system security from the adversarial machine-learning perspective.	Luca Didaci
Advertising a new product in a segmented market.	Luca Grosset
Advertising channel selection in a segmented market.	Luca Grosset
Advertising in a dynamic spatial monopoly.	Luca Lambertini
Advocating the Use of Imprecisely Observed Data in Genetic Fuzzy Systems.	Luciano Sánchez
AeroMACS evolution - analysis during landing, takeoff, and approach phases.	Luca Sanguinetti
Aerosol Lidar Intercomparison in the Framework of SPALINET - The Spanish Lidar Network: Methodology and Results.	Lucas Alados-Arboledas
Affective Environment for Java Programming Using Facial and EEG Recognition.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Affective Recommendation of Movies Based on Selected Connotative Features.	Luca Canini
Affective and Executive Network Processing Associated with Persuasive Antidrug Messages.	Monica Luciana
Affective computing vs. affective placebo: Study of a biofeedback-controlled game for relaxation training.	Luca Chittaro
Affine Reconstruction from Perspective Image Pairs with a Relative Object-Camera Translation in Between.	Luc J. Van Gool
Affinity of Sulfamates and Sulfamides to Carbonic Anhydrase II Isoform: Experimental and Molecular Modeling Approaches.	Luciana Gavernet
Against digital ontology.	Luciano Floridi
Against method-ism: Exploring the limits of method.	Lucas D. Introna
Age-Related Changes in a Human Cognitive Mapping System: Data from a Computer-Generated Environment.	Susan E. Luczak
Age-related changes in grey and white matter structure throughout adulthood.	Luca Santelli
Age-structured linear-state differential games.	Luca Grosset
Agency and Presence: A Common Dependence on Subjectivity?	Lucí Vera
Agent Hell: A Scenario of Worst Practices.	Michael Luck
Agent Interaction for Bioinformatics Data Management.	Michael Luck
Agent Systems and Applications.	Michael Luck
Agent based modeling of Treg-Teff cross regulation in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.	Luca Toldo
Agent-based Planning and Simulation of Combined Rail/Road Transport.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Agent-based architecture for designing hybrid control systems.	Lucio Ippolito
Agent-based formation of virtual organisations.	Michael Luck
Agent-based protein structure prediction.	Luca Bortolussi
Agent-based virtual organisations for the Grid.	Michael Luck
Agent-oriented software patterns for rapid and affordable robot programming.	Luca Sabatucci
Agents in bioinformatics, computational and systems biology.	Michael Luck
Agents in bioinformatics, computational and systems biology.	Luciano Milanesi
Agents in bioinformatics.	Michael Luck
Agents in object-oriented software engineering.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Agents, security and ethics: a framework for analysis.	Lucas M. Venter
Aggregating Binary Local Descriptors for Image Retrieval.	Lucia Vadicamo
Aggregation and Disaggregation Through Insensitivity in Stochastic Petri Nets.	D. Lucic
Aggregation functions: Construction methods, conjunctive, disjunctive and mixed classes.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Aggregation functions: Means.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Aggregation of Affine Estimators.	Lucy Xia
Aggregation of bioinformatics data using Semantic Web technology.	Joanne Luciano
Aggregation of web search engines based on users' preferences in WebFusion.	Caro Lucas
Aggregation on Finite Ordinal Scales by Scale Independent Functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Agile PASSI: An agile process for designing agents.	Luca Sabatucci
Aging-Aware Compilation for GP-GPUs.	Luca Benini
Aging-Aware Energy-Efficient Workload Allocation for Mobile Multimedia Platforms.	Luca Benini
Agrégation de traces d'exécution pour la visualisation de grands systèmes distribués.	Lucas Mello Schnorr
Ahab's legs in scenario-based requirements validation: An experiment to study communication mistakes.	Luca Sabatucci
Aiming at the Affective Process of Learning: Social Web and UDL Integrated Strategies to Promote School Attainment.	Margarida Lucas
Air-Broadened Half-Widths of the 22- and 183-GHz Water-Vapor Lines.	Jean-Luc Moncet
Airborne LiDAR and Terrestrial Laser Scanning Derived Vegetation Obstruction Factors for Visibility Models.	Lucas P. Spaete
Airborne remote sensing of spatiotemporal change (1955-2004) in indigenous and exotic forest cover in the Taita Hills, Kenya.	Luc Lens
Aircraft model-independent airspeed estimation without pitot tube measurements.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Aktueller Stand und Perspektiven der eLearning-Infrastruktur an deutschen Hochschulen.	Ulrike Lucke
Alcohol increases spontaneous BOLD signal fluctuations in the visual network.	Lucio Annunziato
Algal Biomass Analysis by Laser-Based Analytical Techniques - A Review.	Lucia Sládková
Algebraic Geometric codes from Kummer Extensions.	Luciane Quoos
Algebraic Model Counting	Luc De Raedt
Algebraic Pattern Matching in Join Calculus.	Luc Maranget
Algebraic Properties for Free!	Luca Aceto
Algebraic Properties to Optimize kNN Queries.	Lucio F. D. Santos
Algebraic Synchronization Trees and Processes.	Luca Aceto
Algebraic Techniques in Communication Complexity.	Luciano Margara
Algebraic Two-Level Preconditioners for the Schur Complement Method.	Luc Giraud
Algebraic conditions on non-stationary subdivision symbols for exponential polynomial reproduction.	Lucia Romani
Algebraic pattern matching in join calculus	Luc Maranget
Algebraic-Trigonometric Pythagorean-Hodograph curves and their use for Hermite interpolation.	Lucia Romani
Algorithm 764: Cubpack++: A C++ Package for Automatic Two-Dimensional Cubature.	Luc Pluym
Algorithm 842: A set of GMRES routines for real and complex arithmetics on high performance computers.	Luc Giraud
Algorithm 881: A Set of Flexible GMRES Routines for Real and Complex Arithmetics on High-Performance Computers.	Luc Giraud
Algorithm 935: IIPBF, a MATLAB toolbox for infinite integral of products of two Bessel functions.	Stephen K. Lucas
Algorithm and Hardware Design of a Fast Intra Frame Mode Decision Module for H.264/AVC Encoders.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Algorithm applied in the identification of stakeholders.	Luciano Barcellos de Paula
Algorithm for power allocation in localization processes.	Luca Reggiani
Algorithmic Complexity with Page-Based Intelligent Memory.	Lucian Vlad Lita
Algorithmic Concurrent Error Detection in Complex Digital-Processing Systems.	Lucia Costas-Perez
Algorithmic and architectural design for real-time and power-efficient Retinex image/video processing.	Luca Fanucci
Algorithmic information theory may explain the pathogenic number of DNA repeats in myotonic dystrophy type 1 (and in similar diseases).	Luc Longpré
Algorithmic-level Specification and Characterization of Embedded Multimedia Applications with Design Trotter.	Jean Luc Philippe
Algorithms and Arithmetic Operators for Computing the etaT Pairing in Characteristic Three.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Algorithms and Arithmetic Operators for Computing the etaT Pairing in Characteristic Three.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Algorithms and Formulae for Conversion Between System Signatures and Reliability Functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Algorithms and Models for Backup Reprovisioning in WDM Networks.	Diego Lucerna
Algorithms and bounds for drawing non-planar graphs with crossing-free subgraphs.	Luca Grilli
Algorithms for Game Metrics (Full Version)	Luca de Alfaro
Algorithms for Generating Discrete Random Variables with a Given Generating Function or a Given Moment Sequence.	Luc Devroye
Algorithms for Moving Objects Databases.	Luca Forlizzi
Algorithms for computer detection of symmetry elements in molecular systems.	Luciano N. Vidal
Algorithms for restructuring WSI arrays of processors.	Jean-Luc Patry
Algorithms for the Design of Maximum Hydropathic Complementarity Molecules.	Sandro Luciano Fornili
Algorithms for the degree-constrained minimum spanning tree problem.	Abilio Lucena
Algorithms, nymphs, and shepherds.	Fabrizio Luccio
Alias Analysis in Java with Reference-Set Representation for High-Performance Computing.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
AlignMe - a membrane protein sequence alignment web server.	Lucy R. Forrest
All-Pass Prefiltering in Pre-Post-Rake Schemes for Spread-Spectrum Communications.	Luc Vandendorpe
All-optical integrated micro logic gate.	Luca Businaro
All-optical packet-switched interconnection network based on modular photonic digital processing.	Luca Potì
All-optical packet/circuit switching-based data center network for enhanced scalability, latency, and throughput.	Stefano Di Lucente
All-optical wavelength conversion in optical multicarrier networks.	Luca De Stefano
AllAboard: Visual Exploration of Cellphone Mobility Data to Optimise Public Transport.	Marco Luca Sbodio
Allele frequency net 2015 update: new features for HLA epitopes, KIR and disease and HLA adverse drug reaction associations.	Andrea Luciana Soares da Silva
Allouer efficacement des ressources dans un environnement distribué.	Luciana Arantes
Almost Every Convex or Quadratic Programming Problem Is Well Posed.	R. E. Lucchetti
Almost Exact Minimum Feedback Vertex Set in Meshes and Butterflies.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Almost Optimal Local Graph Clustering Using Evolving Sets.	Luca Trevisan
Almost all Delaunay triangulations have stretch factor greater than pi/2.	Luc Devroye
Almost optimal sparsification of random geometric graphs.	Luc Devroye
Almost-linear inclusion for XML regular expression types.	Luca Pardini
Alphabetical Satisfiability Problem for Trace Equations.	Luca Breveglieri
Altered brain response without behavioral attention deficits in healthy siblings of schizophrenic patients: An event-related fMRI study.	Gian Luca Romani
Altered cerebellar feedback projections in Asperger syndrome.	Luca Pugliese
Alternatives to Monte-Carlo simulation evaluations of two multisensor fusion algorithms.	Lucy Y. Pao
Ambient dependability: a grand challenge.	Luca Simoncini
Ambiente inteligente de aprendizaje con manejo afectivo para Java.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Ambiente inteligente y afectivo de aprendizaje para compiladores.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Ambiguity Aversion and the Preference for Established Brands.	Luc Wathieu
Ambiguity and constrained polymorphism.	Lucília Figueiredo
Ambiguity in the Acquisition of Lexical Information	Lucy Vanderwende
Ambulance location and relocation models.	Luce Brotcorne
Ambulance routing for disaster response with patient groups.	Luca Talarico
Amortised MAP Inference for Image Super-resolution.	Lucas Theis
Amplicon identification using SparsE representation of multiplex PYROsequencing signal (AdvISER-M-PYRO): application to bacterial resistance genotyping.	Jean-Luc Gala
Amplitude vs intensity Bayesian despeckling in the wavelet domain for SAR images.	Luciano Alparone
Amygdala volume in depressed patients with bipolar disorder assessed using high resolution 3T MRI: The impact of medication.	David A. Luckenbaugh
An (almost) direct deployment of the Fast Multipole Method on the Cell processor.	Jean Luc Lamotte
An ALE Formulation for Explicit Runge-Kutta Residual Distribution.	Luca Arpaia
An ASM-based Model for Grid Job Management.	Luciano Manelli
An Abstract Interpretation Approach for Enhancing the Java Bytecode Verifier.	Luca Tesei
An Access Protocol for Speech/Data/Video Integration in TDMA-Based Advanced Mobile Systems.	Luciano Lenzini
An Accumulator Chip.	Paul Lucas
An Accurate Algorithm for the Identification of Fingertips Using an RGB-D Camera.	Luca Liparulo
An Accurate Low-Complexity Rate Control Algorithm Based on (rho, Eq)-Domain.	Luca Celetto
An Accurate and Generalized Approach to Plaque Characterization in 346 Carotid Ultrasound Scans.	Luca Saba
An Acidic Loop and Cognate Phosphorylation Sites Define a Molecular Switch That Modulates Ubiquitin Charging Activity in Cdc34-Like Enzymes.	Luca De Gioia
An Active Contour Method for Bone Cement Reconstruction From C-Arm X-Ray Images.	Blake C. Lucas
An Adaptive Approach for Topology Management in Large and Dense Real-Time Wireless Sensor Networks.	Lucia Lo Bello
An Adaptive Population Importance Sampler: Learning From Uncertainty.	Luca Martino
An Adaptive Routing Mechanism for P2P Resource Discovery.	Luca Gatani
An Adaptive Scheduler for Grids.	Fabiano de Oliveira Lucchese
An Adaptive Video Streaming Control System: Modeling, Validation, and Performance Evaluation.	Luca De Cicco
An Advice-Giving Interface Based on Plan-Recognition and User-Knowledge Assessment.	Luc Giroux
An Age-structured Mathematical Model for the Within Host Dynamics of Malaria and the Immune System.	Stephan Luckhaus
An Agent Harms a Victim: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on Specific Moral Emotions.	Jean-Luc Martinot
An Agent System for Automatic Workflows Composition in Grid Environments.	Luciano Milanesi
An Algebraic Characterisation of Elementary Net System (Observable) State Space.	Lucia Pomello
An Algebraic Framework for the Definition of Compositional Semantics of Normal Logic Programs.	Paqui Lucio
An Algebraic Semantics for Possibilistic Logic	Luca Boldrin
An Algebraic Semantics for Possibilistic Logic.	Luca Boldrin
An Algorithm For Generic and Low-Rank Specific Identifiability of Complex Tensors.	Luca Chiantini
An Algorithm Model for Mixed Variable Programming.	Stefano Lucidi
An Algorithm for Positioning Relays and Point Scatterers in Wireless Systems.	Luca Reggiani
An Algorithm for the ηT Pairing Calculation in Characteristic Three and its Hardware Implementation.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
An Algorithm of Dynamic AAL2 Time in UMTS Terrestial Radio Access Network.	André-Luc Beylot
An Algorithm to Construct Greedy Drawings of Triangulations.	Luca Grilli
An Algorithm to Find Optimal Attack Paths in Nondeterministic Scenarios.	Jorge Lucángeli Obes
An Analysis of Generalization in the XCS Classifier System.	Pier Luca Lanzi
An Analysis of Random d-Dimensional Quad Trees.	Luc Devroye
An Analysis of Web Services Attributes for Discovery Support.	Carlos Rodríguez-Lucatero
An Analysis of the Height of Tries with Random Weights on the Edges.	Luc Devroye
An Analysis of the MIMO-SDMA Channel With Space-Time Orthogonal and Quasi-Orthogonal User Transmissions and Efficient Successive Cancellation Decoders.	Luca Venturino
An Analytical Solution for Probabilistic Guarantees of Reservation Based Soft Real-Time Systems.	Luca Abeni
An Analytical Solution for Probabilistic Guarantees of Reservation Based Soft Real-Time Systems.	Luca Abeni
An Ant Colony Optimisation algorithm for solving the asymmetric traffic assignment problem.	Luca D'Acierno
An Ant Colony System Hybridized with a New Local Search for the Sequential Ordering Problem.	Luca Maria Gambardella
An Anticorrelation Kernel for Subsystem Training in Multiple Classifier Systems.	Luciana Ferrer
An Application of Screw Theory to the Jerk Analysis of a Two-Degrees-of-Freedom Parallel Wrist.	Luciano Pérez-González
An Application of a Transfer Lemma.	Jean-Luc Deleage
An Application-Specific Design Methodology for On-Chip Crossbar Generation.	Luca Benini
An Approach for Data Type Specification and Its Use in Program Verification.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
An Approach for Multi-Artifact Testing Through an Ontological Perspective for Behavior-Driven Development.	Jean-Luc Hak
An Approach to Distributed Predictive Control for Tracking-Theory and Applications.	Luca Giulioni
An Approach to Precise Nitrogen Management Using Hand-Held Crop Sensor Measurements and Winter Wheat Yield Mapping in a Mediterranean Environment.	Lucía Quebrajo
An Arc Welding Robot Control for a Shaped Metal Deposition Plant: Modular Software Interface and Sensors.	Luciano Cantelli
An Architecture Description Language for Embedded Hardware Platforms.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
An Architecture Design Methodology for Minimal Total Power Consumption at Fixed Vdd and Vth.	Jean-Luc Nagel
An Architecture for Data Warehousing Supporting Data Independence and Interoperability.	Luca Cabibbo
An Architecture for Planning in Embedded Systems.	Luca Spalazzi
An Artificial Intelligence System to Predict Quality of Service in Banking Organizations.	Luca Manzoni
An Aspect-Oriented Programming-based approach to software development for fault detection in measurement systems.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
An Aspect-Oriented Programming-based approach to software development for fault detection in measurement systems.	Mario Luca Bernardi
An Assertional Proof of the Stability and Correctness of Natural Mergesort.	Paqui Lucio
An Assessment of the Repeatability of Automatic Forest Inventory Metrics Derived From UAV-Borne Laser Scanning Data.	Arko Lucieer
An Asymptotically Efficient Backlog Estimate for Dynamic Frame Aloha	Luca Barletta
An Asymptotically-Optimal Sampling-Based Algorithm for Bi-directional Motion Planning.	Lucas Janson
An Atrioventricular Node Model for Analysis of the Ventricular Response During Atrial Fibrillation.	Luca T. Mainardi
An Attack on Libert et al.' s ID-based Undeniable Signature Scheme.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
An Augmented Lagrangian Function with Improved Exactness Properties.	Stefano Lucidi
An Augmented Reality Nanomanipulator for Learning Nanophysics: The "NanoLearner" Platform.	Annie Luciani
An Authoring Tool to Develop and Display Courseware in a 3D Learning Environment.	Lucina Torres
An Automatic Digital Modulation Classifier for Measurement on Telecommunication Networks.	Luca De Vito
An Automatic System for the Analysis and Classification of Human Atrial Fibrillation Patterns from Intracardiac Electrograms.	Luca Faes
An Autonomic Home Networking Infrastructure.	Thomas Luckenbach
An Autonomous Vehicle for Video Surveillance of Indoor Environments.	Gian Luca Foresti
An Averaging Principle for Combined Interaction Graphs - Connectivity and Applications to Genetic Switches.	Luca Sbano
An Axiomatic and an Average-Case Analysis of Algorithms and Heuristics for Metric Properties of Graphs.	Luca Trevisan
An EEG-Based Biometric System Using Eigenvector Centrality in Resting State Brain Networks.	Gian Luca Marcialis
An EEG-Based Biometric System Using Eigenvector Centrality in Resting State Brain Networks.	Luca Didaci
An EM-based frequency offset estimator for OFDM systems with unknown interference.	Luca Sanguinetti
An EMC-oriented VHDL-AMS simulation methodology for dynamic current activity assessment.	Jean-Luc Levant
An ESPRIT-based approach for Initial Ranging in OFDMA systems	Luca Sanguinetti
An ESPRIT-based approach for initial ranging in OFDMA systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
An Easy Cellular Gateway for Providing Shared Services and Data	Julien Luciana
An Effective Gray-Box Identification Procedure for Multicore Thermal Modeling.	Luca Benini
An Effective Logical Cache for a Clustered LRC-Based DSM System.	Luciana Bezerra Arantes
An Effective Strategy to Reduce the Labeling Cost in the Definition of Training Sets by Active Learning.	Luca Minello
An Efficient 3-D Eddy-Current Solver Using an Independent Impedance Method for Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.	Luc Dupré
An Efficient Algorithm for Searching Optimal Shortened Cyclic Single-Burst-Correcting Codes.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
An Efficient Algorithm for Some Tree Matching Problems.	Fabrizio Luccio
An Efficient Data Aggregation Algorithm for Cluster-based Sensor Network.	Luciano Lavagno
An Efficient Data-Distribution Mechanism in a Processor-In-Memory (PIM) Architecture Applied to Motion Estimation.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
An Efficient Genetic Programming	Luca Manzoni
An Efficient Implementation of the SIVIA Algorithm in a High-Level Numerical Programming Language.	Luc Jaulin
An Efficient Null-Free Procedure for Deciding Regular Language Membership.	Jean-Luc Ponty
An Efficient Quantum Algorithm for the Hidden Subgroup Problem in Nil-2 Groups.	Luc Sanselme
An Efficient Solution for Model Checking Graph Transformation Systems.	Luciano Baresi
An Efficient and Fair Strategy for Radio Resources Allocation in Multi-radio Wireless Mesh Networks.	Lucio Studer Ferreira
An Eigenvalue Symmetric Matrix Contractor.	Luc Jaulin
An Elastic Deformation Field Model for Object Detection and Tracking.	Luc J. Van Gool
An Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy System for Monitoring Pineapple Waste Saccharification.	Lucía Seguí
An Empirical Study of Intel Xeon Phi.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
An Empirical Study of QBF Encodings: from Treewidth Estimation to Useful Preprocessing.	Luca Pulina
An Empirical Study of the Achievable Rates of Several Indoor Network-MIMO Techniques.	Luciano Ahumada
An Empirical Study on Using Visual Embellishments in Visualization.	Luciano Floridi
An Energy and Performance Efficient DVFS Scheme for Irregular Parallel Divide-and-Conquer Algorithms on the Intel SCC.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
An Enigma Replica and its Blueprints.	Lucia Jans
An Environment for the Development of Concurrent Object-Based Applications.	Luciana Foss
An Environment for the Development of Concurrent Object-Based Applications.	Lucio Mauro Duarte
An Epicurean learning approach to gene-expression data classification.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
An Equational Axiomatization for Multi-Exit Iteration.	Luca Aceto
An Equivalent Circuit Model With Variable Effective Capacity for $\hbox{LiFePO}_{4}$ Batteries.	Luciano Sánchez
An Estimate of the Dispersion of Repolarization Times Based on a Biophysical Model of the ECG.	Luca T. Mainardi
An Evaluation Semantics for Narrowing-Based Functional Logic Languages.	Salvador Lucas
An Event-Based Architecture Definition Language.	David C. Luckham
An Exact Augmented Lagrangian Function for Nonlinear Programming with Two-Sided Constraints.	Stefano Lucidi
An Exact Stochastic Analysis of Priority-Driven Periodic Real-Time Systems and Its Approximations.	Lucia Lo Bello
An Examination of the Validity of the Mean Raindrop-Shape Model for Dual-Polarization Radar Rainfall Retrievals.	Luca Baldini
An Exception Handling Method for Constructive Algebraic Specifications.	Luc Duponcheel
An Existence Theorem in Vector Optimization.	Dinh The Luc
An Experience in Testing an Object-Oriented Satellite Control System.	Luciana Seda C. Gonçalves
An Expert CAD Flow for Incremental Functional Diagnosis of Complex Electronic Boards.	Luca Cassano
An Exponential Improvement on the MST Heuristic for Minimum Energy Broadcasting in Ad Hoc Wireless Networks.	Luca Moscardelli
An Extended Class of Scale-Invariant and Recursive Scale Space Filters.	Luc J. Van Gool
An Extensible System for Source Code Analysis.	Andrea De Lucia
An Extension Proposal of AntOR for Parallel Computing.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
An Extension Proposal of D2HCP for Network Merging.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
An Extension of System F with Subtyping	Luca Cardelli
An FPGA-Based Approach for Speeding-Up Fault Injection Campaigns on Safety-Critical Circuits.	Luca Macchiarulo
An IO-efficient parallel implementation of an R2 viewshed algorithm for large terrain maps on a CUDA GPU.	Lucas Benedicic
An IPS for Web Applications.	Luca Spalazzi
An Image Model and Segmentation Algorithm for Reflectance Confocal Images of In Vivo Cervical Tissue.	Brette L. Luck
An Image is Worth More than a Thousand Favorites: Surfacing the Hidden Beauty of Flickr Pictures.	Luca Maria Aiello
An Image-Based Fluid Surface Pattern Model.	Lucia Maria dos Santos Pinto
An Impedance Spectrometer for the Metrology of Electrolytic Conductivity.	Luca Callegaro
An Imperative Object Calculus (Invited Paper).	Luca Cardelli
An Improved ADC-Error-Correction Scheme Based on a Bayesian Approach.	Luca De Vito
An Improved Two-Party Negotiation Over Continues Issues Method Secure Against Manipulatory Behavior	Luca Barzanti
An Incremental Object-Oriented Migration Strategy for RPG Legacy Systems.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
An Incremental Object-Oriented Migration Strategy for RPG Legacy Systems.	Andrea De Lucia
An Incremental Petri Net-Based Approach to the Modeling of Production Sequences in Manufacturing Systems.	Luca Ferrarini
An Incremental Procedure for the Lateral Calibration of a Time-of-Flight Camera by One Image of a Flat Surface.	Luc Mertens
An Indian Case Study.	Lucien Duckstein
An Indicator of Research Front Activity: Measuring Intellectual Organization as Uncertainty Reduction in Document Sets	Diana Lucio-Arias
An Indoor Location-Aware System for an IoT-Based Smart Museum.	Luca Mainetti
An Initial Ranging Scheme for the IEEE 802.16 OFDMA Uplink.	Luca Sanguinetti
An Innovative Simulation Tool for Advanced Signal Processing in UMTS Systems.	Luca Simone Ronga
An Insight on PRAM Computational Bounds.	Fabrizio Luccio
An Integer L-Shaped Algorithm for the Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem with Stochastic Demands.	Luc van Hamme
An Integral Equation Solution for the Steady-State Current at a Periodic Array of Surface Microelectrodes.	S. K. Lucas
An Integrated Design and Verification Methodology for Reconfigurable Multimedia Systems	Jean-Luc Lambert
An Integrated Simulation Framework to Model Electric Vehicle Operations and Services.	Luciano Bononi
An Integrated Simulation Framework to Model Electric Vehicle Operations and Services.	Luca Bedogni
An Integrated System for 3D Gaze Recovery and Semantic Analysis of Human Attention.	Lucas Paletta
An Intelligent, Affective and Configurable Tutor for 3rd Grade Natural Numbers Teaching.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
An Internal Model for Acquisition and Retention of Motor Learning During Arm Reaching.	Luca Lonini
An Interpretation System for Land Register Maps.	Luca Boatto
An Interval Approach for Stability Analysis: Application to Sailboat Robotics.	Luc Jaulin
An Introduction to ET-LOTOS for the Description of Time-Sensitive Systems.	Luc Léonard
An Introduction to How Criminal Profiling Could Be Used as a Support for Computer Hacking Investigations.	Lucas Donato
An Introduction to Quantum Filtering.	Luc Bouten
An Introduction to Software Testing.	Luciano Baresi
An Intuitive Modelling Interface for Systems Biology.	Luca Cardelli
An Investigation of Clustering Algorithms in the Comprehension of Legacy Web Applications.	Andrea De Lucia
An Investigation on Legal Regulations for Robot Deployment in Urban Areas: A Focus on Italian Law.	Luca Nocco
An IoT-Aware Architecture for Smart Healthcare Systems.	Luca Palano
An IoT-Aware Architecture for Smart Healthcare Systems.	Luciano Tarricone
An IoT-Aware Architecture for Smart Healthcare Systems.	Luca Mainetti
An IoT-Aware Architecture for Smart Healthcare Systems.	Luca Catarinucci
An LPV/ℋ∞ Integrated Vehicle Dynamic Controller.	Luc Dugard
An LTL Semantics of Business Workflows with Recovery.	Luca Ferrucci
An M/G/1 Type Approach to the Approximation of the Slot-Occupancy Pattern in a DQDB Network.	Luciano Lenzini
An MDE Approach for Automatic Code Generation from UML/MARTE to OpenCL.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
An MPC approach to output-feedback control of stochastic linear discrete-time systems.	Luca Giulioni
An NC Algorithm for the Perfect Matching Problem in Larger cycle-free Graphs.	Luc Litzler
An NMR assignment module implemented in the Gifa NMR processing program.	Jean-Luc Pons
An O(N) parallel method of computing the Log-Jacobian of the variable transformation for models with spatial interaction on a lattice.	Luc Anselin
An O(n log n)-Space Decision Procedure for the Relevance Logic B+.	Luca Viganò 0001
An O(n) Time Algorithm for Maximum Matching in P4-Tidy Graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
An Object-Based Workflow to Extract Landforms at Multiple Scales From Two Distinct Data Types.	Lucian Dragut
An Object-Oriented Approach to the Implementation of OSI Management.	Luca Deri
An Object-Oriented Programming Environment for Multimedia Cooperative Information Systems.	Luca Giachino
An Odor Interaction Model of Binary Odorant Mixtures by a Partial Differential Equation Method.	Luchun Yan
An Ontological Approach to Creating an Andean Weaving Knowledge Base.	Luciana Martins
An Open and Modular Hardware Node for Wireless Sensor and Body Area Networks.	Lucio Ciabattoni
An Open and Modular Hardware Node for Wireless Sensor and Body Area Networks.	Lucia Pepa
An OpenMP Compiler for Efficient Use of Distributed Scratchpad Memory in MPSoCs.	Luca Benini
An Operation-Centered Approach to Fault Detection in Symmetric Cryptography Ciphers.	Luca Breveglieri
An Operational Logic of Proofs with Positive and Negative Information.	Duccio Luchi
An Optical Fibre-Based Sensor for Respiratory Monitoring.	Gian-Luca Bona
An Optical Fibre-Based Sensor for Respiratory Monitoring.	Luciano F. Boesel
An Optimal Algorithm to Find the Jump Number of Partially Ordered Sets.	Lucio Bianco
An Optimized Content Replication and Distribution Framework for Vehicular Networks.	Luca Caviglione
An Optimized Intruder Model for SAT-based Model-Checking of Security Protocols.	Luca Compagna
An Overview of Anna, a Specification Language for Ada.	David C. Luckham
An Overview of Dircted Beam Graphics Display Hardware.	Anthony P. Lucido
An Overview of MANETs Simulation.	Luc Hogie
An Overview of Supports for Collective Decision Making.	Jean-Luc Soubie
An RFID tracking system supporting the behavior analysis of colonial laboratory animals.	Luca Mainetti
An RFID tracking system supporting the behavior analysis of colonial laboratory animals.	Luca Catarinucci
An RFID tracking system supporting the behavior analysis of colonial laboratory animals.	Luciano Tarricone
An RNA Mapping DataBase for curating RNA structure mapping experiments.	Julius B. Lucks
An SVM-based distal lung image classification using texture descriptors.	Luc Thiberville
An UHF RFID Energy-Harvesting System Enhanced by a DC-DC Charge Pump in Silicon-on-Insulator Technology	Luca Catarinucci
An UHF RFID Energy-Harvesting System Enhanced by a DC-DC Charge Pump in Silicon-on-Insulator Technology	Luciano Tarricone
An Unconditionally Hiding Auditing Procedure for Multi-Party Computations.	Lucas Schabhüser
An Unusal Distribution of 6-nt Sequences Near The Transcription Start Site.	Luciano Milanesi
An Upwind Finite-Difference Method for Total Variation-Based Image Smoothing.	Bradley J. Lucier
An accurate and efficient numerical framework for adaptive numerical weather prediction.	Luca Bonaventura
An accurate and robust visual-compass algorithm for robot-mounted omnidirectional cameras.	Gian Luca Mariottini
An acoustic investigation of the developmental trajectory of lexical stress contrastivity in Italian.	Lucia Colombo
An active e-book to foster self-regulation in music education.	Luca Andrea Ludovico
An active set feasible method for large-scale minimization problems with bound constraints.	Stefano Lucidi
An adaptive algorithm for group testing for complexes.	Lucia Moura
An adaptive approach for the determination of the itinerary of imprecise mobile agents with timing constraints.	Luciana Rech
An adaptive color-based particle filter.	Luc J. Van Gool
An adaptive cross-layer design for multiservice scheduling in OFDMA based mobile WiMAX systems.	André-Luc Beylot
An adaptive high-order neural tree for pattern recognition.	Gian Luca Foresti
An adaptive hybrid DPCM/DCT method for video coding.	Lucas Hui
An adaptive product configurator based on slow intelligence approach.	Luca Greco 0001
An adaptive solver for the spherical shallow water equations.	M. Lucía Gavete
An adaptive system for the personalized access to news.	Luca Console
An advanced system for portfolio optimisation.	Lucio Grandinetti
An affine invariant k-nearest neighbor regression estimate.	Luc Devroye
An agile development methodology applied to embedded control software under stringent hardware constraints.	Vicente Lucena
An agile development methodology applied to embedded control software under stringent hardware constraints.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
An algebraic characterization of the set of succession rules.	Luca Ferrari
An algebraic formulation of inverse problems in MP dynamics.	Luca Marchetti
An algebraic model of observable properties in distributed systems.	Luca Bernardinello
An algebraic model of observable properties in distributed systems.	Lucia Pomello
An algebraic theory for web service contracts.	Luca Padovani
An algorithm for real time estimation of the flexible UAV structural motions using a video-based system.	Luca Cicala
An algorithm for solving variable coefficient hyperbolic problems in a semi-infinite mediu.	Lucas Jódar
An algorithm for the recognition of levels of congestion in road traffic problems.	Luciano Nieddu
An algorithm for the retrieval of albedo from space using semiempirical BRDF models.	Wolfgang Lucht
An algorithm for three-dimensional Voronoi S-network.	V. A. Luchnikov
An alternative to branch prediction: pre-computed branches.	Lucian N. Vintan
An analog processor architecture for a neural network classifier.	Jean-Luc Voz
An analysis of BPM lifecycles: from a literature review to a framework proposal.	André Lucirton Costa
An analysis of a model for the diffusion of engineering innovations under multi-firm competition.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
An analysis of functional modeling approaches across disciplines.	Luciënne Blessing
An analysis of information visualisation.	Luciano Floridi
An analysis of numerical issues in neural training by pseudoinversion.	Luca Rubini
An analytical framework to assist decision makers in the use of forest ecosystem model predictions.	Nancy Luckai
An analytical framework to nowcast well-being using mobile phone data.	Luca Pappalardo
An analytical model for partially blocking finite-buffered switching networks.	James V. Luciani
An analytical model for surface EMG generation in volume conductors with smooth conductivity variations.	Luca Mesin
An ant algorithm for the conformational analysis of flexible molecules.	Lucien M. H. Koymans
An anytime multistep anticipatory algorithm for online stochastic combinatorial optimization.	Luc Mercier
An application of Kullback-Leibler divergence to active SLAM and exploration with Particle Filters.	Luca Carlone
An application of a multi-agent auction-based protocol to the tactical planning of oil product transport in the Brazilian multimodal network.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
An application of expert systems to botanical taxonomy.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
An application of integrated clustering to MRI segmentation.	Luciano Romeo
An application of support vector machines to sales forecasting under promotions.	Stefano Lucidi
An application of tomographic reconstruction of atmospheric CO2 over a volcanic site based on open-path IR laser measurements.	Luca Facheris
An application-centric evaluation of OpenCL on multi-core CPUs.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
An application-specific architecture for the RBN-coder with efficient memory organization.	Luc Van Eycken
An applied research study for the provision of a QoS-oriented environment for voice and video services over satellite networks.	Luca Simone Ronga
An approach for feature semantics recognition in geometric models.	Luca Di Angelo
An approach for supporting P2P mobile collaborative communication to suggest learning objects based on learning profile.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
An approach to constrained global optimization based on exact penalty functions.	Stefano Lucidi
An approach to generate and embed sign language video tracks into multimedia contents.	Eduardo De Lucena Falcão
An approach to identifying geographic interdependencies among critical infrastructures.	Luciano Morabito
An approach to output-feedback MPC of stochastic linear discrete-time systems.	Luca Giulioni
An approach to the compilation of operational knowledge from casual models.	Luca Console
An approximate ϵϵ-constraint method for a multi-objective job scheduling in the cloud.	Lucio Grandinetti
An architecture for a generic dialogue shell.	Lucian Galescu
An architecture for distributed and flexible management of high-layer protocols and network services.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
An array-oriented (APL) wish list: ideas I think may be useful.	Jim Lucas
An art-directed wrinkle system for CG character clothing and skin.	Luca Prasso
An aspect-oriented software architecture for code mobility.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
An asymptotic preserving automatic domain decomposition method for the Vlasov-Poisson-BGK system with applications to plasmas.	Luc Mieussens
An asymptotic preserving scheme for the streamer simulation.	Luca Barbieri
An asymptotically optimal gradient algorithm for quadratic optimization with low computational cost.	Luc Pronzato
An attribution model of decision support systems (DSS) usage.	Michael Lucas Gibson
An augmented reality system for liver thermal ablation: Design and evaluation on clinical cases.	Luc Soler
An augmented reality system to guide radio-frequency tumour ablation.	Luc Soler
An authentication flaw in browser-based Single Sign-On protocols: Impact and remediations.	Luca Compagna
An automated and reproducible workflow for running and analyzing neural simulations using Lancet and IPython Notebook.	Jean-Luc Richard Stevens
An automated scoring algorithm for computerized clinical vignettes: Evaluating physician performance against explicit quality criteria.	J. Luck
An autonomic-oriented framework based IEEE 802.21 for mobility management in 4G networks.	André-Luc Beylot
An autonomous mobile system for the management of COPD.	Peter J. F. Lucas
An axiomatic approach of the discrete Choquet integral as a tool to aggregate interacting criteria.	Jean-Luc Marichal
An axiomatic approach of the discrete Sugeno integral as a tool to aggregate interacting criteria in a qualitative framework.	Jean-Luc Marichal
An axiomatic approach to the definition of the entropy of a discrete Choquet capacity.	Jean-Luc Marichal
An early-late timing recovery scheme for filter-bank-based multicarrier transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
An eclectic 5th generation architecture for ultra high speed computing.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
An effective link between science and technology.	Luc Quoniam
An efficient adaptive strategy for searching in peer-to-peer networks.	Luca Gatani
An efficient and versatile approach to trust and reputation using hierarchical Bayesian modelling.	Michael Luck
An efficient cross layer scheduler for multimedia traffic in wireless local area networks with IEEE 802.11e HCCA.	Luciano Lenzini
An efficient distributed algorithm for generating and updating multicast trees.	Luca Gatani
An efficient heuristic for code partitioning.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
An efficient heuristic for selecting active nodes in wireless sensor networks.	Luci Pirmez
An efficient heuristic procedure for solving the state assignment problem for event-based specifications.	Luciano Lavagno
An efficient method for option pricing with discrete dividend payment.	Lucas Jódar
An efficient numerical method for performance analysis of contention MAC protocols: a case study (PRMA++).	Luciano Lenzini
An efficient procedure for finding best compromise solutions to the multi-objective assignment problem.	Lucie Galand
An efficient profile-based algorithm for scratchpad memory partitioning.	Luca Benini
An efficient time advancing strategy for energy-preserving simulations.	Luigi de Luca
An efficient voxel-based visualization system from an implicit skeletal surface characterization.	Laurent Lucas
An electrochemical-based fuel-cell model suitable for electrical engineering automation approach.	Luciane N. Canha
An electromyographic study of a laser pointer-style device vs. mouse and keyboard in an object arrangement task on a large screen.	Luca Chittaro
An embedded system for handwritten digit recognition.	Luca Bochi Saldanha
An empirical study of healthcare providers and patients' perceptions of electronic health records.	Luca Nocco
An empirically grounded framework to guide blogging in higher education.	Lucinda Kerawalla
An end-to-end alternative to TCP PEPs: Initial Spreading, a TCP fast start-up mechanism.	André-Luc Beylot
An energy case for hybrid datacenters.	Luca Niccolini
An energy efficient ONU implementation.	Luca Valcarenghi
An energy-efficient protocol for multimedia streaming in a mobile environment.	Luciana Pelusi
An environment for End-User Development of Web mashups.	Lucio Davide Spano
An environment for processing images of historical documents.	Luciano Galdino Rosa
An epsilon-Biased Generator in NC0	Luca Trevisan
An evaluation of medium-grain dataflow code.	Lucas Roh
An event-driven high level model for the specification of laws in open multi-agent systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
An evolutionary geometric primitive for automatic design synthesis of functional shapes: The case of airfoils.	Luca Di Angelo
An exact algorithm for the network pricing problem.	Luce Brotcorne
An exact algorithm for the robust shortest path problem with interval data.	Luca Maria Gambardella
An exact algorithm to minimize the makespan in project scheduling with scarce resources and generalized precedence relations.	Lucio Bianco
An exact method for graph coloring.	Corinne Lucet
An exact penalty global optimization approach for mixed-integer programming problems.	Stefano Lucidi
An examination of semantic relationships between professionally assigned metadata and user-generated tags for popular literature in complementary and alternative medicine.	Lucy Bungo
An excursion in reaction systems: From computer science to biology.	Luca Corolli
An exercise in model validation: Comparing univariate statistics and Monte Carlo-based multivariate statistics.	R. Luck
An experiment in exchanging knowledge chains to build personal knowledge.	Juliana Lucas de Rezende
An experimental comparison of ER and UML class diagrams for data modelling.	Andrea De Lucia
An experimental evaluation of simplicity in rule learning.	Luc De Raedt
An experimental investigation on the innate relationship between quality and refactoring.	Andrea De Lucia
An experimental study in automatically categorizing medical documents.	Luciano R. S. de Lima
An experimental study on the applicability of evolutionary algorithms to craniofacial superimposition in forensic identification.	Lucia Ballerini
An expert system for diagnosis of coronary artery stenosis based on 201Tl scintigrams using the Dempster-Shafer theory of evidence.	Lucy S. Goodenday
An explicit second order spectral element method for acoustic waves.	Luca F. Pavarino
An exploratory study into the use of qualitative research methods in descriptive process modelling.	Lucila Carvalho
An exponential truncation bound for analytic Fourier series.	Luc Knockaert
An expressive language for linear spatial database queries.	Luc Vandeurzen
An extension of the FURIA classification algorithm to low quality data through fuzzy rankings and its application to the early diagnosis of dyslexia.	Luciano Sánchez
An identity-based approach to secure P2P applications with Likir.	Luca Maria Aiello
An image processing approach to analyze morphological features of microscopic images of muscle fibers.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
An image-based modeling framework for patient-specific computational hemodynamics.	Luca Antiga
An impedance-controlled parallel robot for high-speed assembly of white goods.	Luca E. Bruzzone
An implementation of a model for functional recognition.	Lucia M. Vaina
An improved H.263 video coder relying on weighted median filtering of motion vectors.	Luciano Alparone
An improved Marching Cube algorithm for 3D data segmentation.	Giovanni Luca Masala
An improved analysis of the Rademacher data-dependent bound using its self bounding property.	Luca Oneto
An improved heuristic for the period traveling salesman problem.	Luca Bertazzi
An improved kernel size for rotation distance in binary trees.	Joan M. Lucas
An improved method for classification and metrological characterization of disturbances on QAM signals.	Luca De Vito
An improved method to determine the antenna factor.	Luc Martens
An improved microcomputer program for finding gene- or gene family-specific oligonucleotides suitable as primers for polymerase chain reactions or as probes.	K. Lucas
An improved model for predicting postoperative nausea and vomiting in ambulatory surgery patients using physician-modifiable risk factors.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
An improved shape determinative slice determination method for patient-specific modeling of facial anatomical structure.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
An improvement of the finite-element method for computing the electric field of waveguides with complex geometry.	Lucas Jódar
An improving dynamic programming algorithm to solve the shortest path problem with time windows.	Lucas Létocart
An incremental approach to logic controller design with Petri nets.	Luca Ferrarini
An incremental decomposition method for unconstrained optimization.	Luca Bravi
An indicator of research front activity: Measuring intellectual organization as uncertainty reduction in document sets.	Diana Lucio-Arias
An information system for drug prescription and distribution in a public hospital.	André Lucirton Costa
An information theoretical investigation into the distribution of phonetic information across the auditory spectrogram.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
An informetric model for the success-index.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
An infrastructure-oriented approach for supporting biodiversity research.	Lucio Lelii
An innovative animals tracking system based on passive UHF RFID technology.	Luca Catarinucci
An innovative animals tracking system based on passive UHF RFID technology.	Luca Mainetti
An innovative animals tracking system based on passive UHF RFID technology.	Luciano Tarricone
An innovative, high quality and search window independent motion estimation algorithm and architecture for MPEG-2 encoding.	Luca Pezzoni
An innovative, programmable architecture for ultra-low power motion estimation in reduced memory MPEG-4 encoder.	Luca Celetto
An insect-inspired bionic sensor for tactile localization and material classification with state-dependent modulation.	Luca Patané
An insertion heuristic for scheduling Mobility Allowance Shuttle Transit (MAST) services.	Luca Quadrifoglio
An integrated artificial vision framework for assisting visually impaired users.	Luca Zini
An integrated environment for reuse reengineering C code.	Andrea De Lucia
An integrated fuzzy logic and web-based framework for active protocol support.	Luca Levrini
An integrated system based on wireless sensor networks for patient monitoring, localization and tracking.	Luca Borsani
An integrated system for object tracking and progressive coding based on statistical morphology.	Gian Luca Foresti
An integrated, programming model-driven framework for NoC-QoS support in cluster-based embedded many-cores.	Luca Benini
An intelligent system for pacemaker reprogramming.	Peter J. F. Lucas
An intensional approach to qualitative and quantitative periodicity-dependent temporal constraints.	Luca Anselma
An inter-FPGA communication bus with error detection and dynamic clock phase adjustment.	Lucas T. Melo
An interactive medical image segmentation system based on the optimal management of regions of interest using topological medical knowledge.	Luc Soler
An interference-tolerant algorithm for localization of cyclostationary-signal sources.	Luciano Izzo
An interior penalty Galerkin method for the MHD equations in heterogeneous domains.	Jean-Luc Guermond
An interoperability standard for certified mail systems.	Luca Boldrin
An interpolating 4-point C2 ternary non-stationary subdivision scheme with tension control.	Lucia Romani
An interval extension of homogeneous and pseudo-homogeneous t-norms and t-conorms.	Lucelia Lima Costa
An intrinsic value system for developing multiple invariant representations with incremental slowness learning.	Matthew D. Luciw
An introduction to reasoning over qualitative multi-attribute preferences.	Michael Luck
An introduction to reasoning over qualitative multi-attribute preferences.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
An investigation into feature construction to assist word sense disambiguation.	Lucia Specia
An investigation of personality traits in relation to job and career satisfaction of information technology professionals.	Lucy W. Gibson
An iterated sample construction with path relinking method: Application to switch allocation in electrical distribution networks.	Luciana S. Buriol
An iterative reconfigurability approach for WCDMA high-data-rate communications.	Jean-Luc Danger
An iterative scheme for learning gravity compensation in flexible robot arms.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
An object-oriented tool for simulating distributed real-time control systems.	Luca Abeni
An obligation-based framework for web service composition via agent conversations.	Jean-Luc Koning
An observer-based compensator for distributed delays.	Rogelio Luck
An omnidirectional vision sensor for fast tracking for mobile robots.	Michele Lucioni
An on-line Integrated Bookkeeping: electronic run log book and Meta-Data Repository for ATLAS	Levi Lucio
An online predictor model as adaptive habitually linear and transiently nonlinear model.	Caro Lucas
An ontological knowledge and multiple abstraction level decision support system in healthcare.	Luca Piovesan
An ontology-based framework for bioinformatics workflows.	Luciano A. Digiampietri
An open standard solution for domotic interoperability.	Luca Tarrini
An optimal robust equidistribution method for two-dimensional grid adaptation based on Monge-Kantorovich optimization.	Gian Luca Delzanno
An optimal scheme for numerical evaluation of Eshelby tensors and its implementation in a MATLAB package for simulating the motion of viscous ellipsoids in slow flows.	Lucy X. Lu
An optimization algorithm for the workforce management in a retail chain.	Luca Talarico
An optimization framework for the energy management of carrier ethernet networks with Multiple Spanning Trees.	Luca G. Gianoli
An optimization methodology for intermodal terminal management.	Luca Maria Gambardella
An optimization-based heuristic for the Multi-objective Undirected Capacitated Arc Routing Problem.	Lucio Grandinetti
An order-recursive algorithm for estimating pole-zero models.	Luc Knockaert
An ultra-fast human detection method for color-depth camera.	Luchao Tian
An ultra-low power resilient multi-core architecture with static and dynamic tolerance to ambient temperature-induced variability.	Luca Benini
An ultralow-power switched opamp-based 10-B integrated ADC for implantable biomedical applications.	Luca Colombini
An ultrawideband system architecture for tag based wireless sensor networks.	Lucian-Vasile Stoica
An universality result for a (mem)brane calculus based on mate/drip operations.	Luca Cardelli
An unsupervised hierarchical clustering based heuristic algorithm for facilitated training of electricity consumption disaggregation systems.	Lucio Soibelman
An upper bound for the distance between a zero and a critical point of a solution of a second order linear differential equation.	Lucas Jódar
Analog-CMDA based interfaces for MEMS gyroscopes.	Luca Fanucci
Analogue evolutionary brain computer interfaces [Application Notes].	Luca Citi
Analyse qualitative de la dynamique de réseaux de régulation génique par des modèles linéaires par morceaux.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Analyses of the transmission of the disorder from a disturbed environment to a spin chain.	Lucile Aubourg
Analyses on NVM Circuitry Delay Induced by Source & Drain BF2 Implant.	P. Lucarno
Analysing the diffusion of a mobile service supporting the e-grocery supply chain.	Luca Gobbato
Analysing uncertainty contributions in dimensional measurements of large-size objects by ultrasound sensors.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Analysis and Design of Boolean Associative Memories Made of Resonant Oscillator Arrays.	Luca Daniel
Analysis and Design of Weakly Coupled LC Oscillator Arrays Based on Phase-Domain Macromodels.	Luca Daniel
Analysis and Implementation of FPGA-Based Online Parametric Identification Algorithms for Resonant Power Converters.	Oscar Lucía
Analysis and Implementation of Parallel Uniform Hashing.	Fabrizio Luccio
Analysis and Interpretation of the COSMO-SkyMed Observations of the 2011 Japan Tsunami.	Luca Pulvirenti
Analysis and Management of Interference in 5G Reverse TDD HetNets.	Luca Sanguinetti
Analysis and Optimal Design of Self-Diagnosable Systems with Repair.	Luca Simoncini
Analysis and Optimization of Robin-Robin Partitioned Procedures in Fluid-Structure Interaction Problems.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
Analysis and Optimization of Sparse Random Linear Network Coding for Reliable Multicast Services.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Analysis and Optimization of Sparse Random Linear Network Coding for Reliable Multicast Services.	Daniel E. Lucani
Analysis and Reproduction of Facial Expressions for Realistic Communicating Clones.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Analysis and Simulation of an Out-Of-Order Execution Model in Vector Multiprocessor Systems.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Analysis and evaluation of e-supply chain performances.	Luciano Fratocchi
Analysis and retrieval of events/actions and workflows in video streams.	Luc J. Van Gool
Analysis and simulation for a model of electron impact excitation/deexcitation and ionization/recombination.	Jean-Luc Cambier
Analysis by Wavelet Frames of Spatial Statistics in SAR Data for Characterizing Structural Properties of Forests.	Richard M. Lucas
Analysis of Command Operation Procedures (COP's) for Reliable Data Transfer in the European Space Data Network.	Luciano Lenzini
Analysis of Communication Systems with Timed Token Protocols Using the Power-Series Algorithm.	Luciano Lenzini
Analysis of Cubic Permutation Polynomials for Turbo Codes.	Lucian Trifina
Analysis of Direct Shipping Policies in an Inventory-Routing Problem with Discrete Shipping Times.	Luca Bertazzi
Analysis of Error Recovery Schemes for Networks on Chips.	Luca Benini
Analysis of Ethernet Powerlink Wireless Extensions Based on the IEEE 802.11 WLAN.	Lucia Seno
Analysis of Finite Element Approximation of Evolution Problems in Mixed Form.	Lucia Gastaldi
Analysis of Human Awareness of Security and Privacy Threats in Smart Environments.	Luca Caviglione
Analysis of Insertional Sites of the SIRE1 Retroelement Family from Glycine Max Using GenBank BAC-end Sequences.	Lucasz E. Geirut
Analysis of Kinematics and Reconfigurability of a Spherical Parallel Manipulator.	Luca Carbonari
Analysis of Non-binary Hybrid LDPC Codes	Lucile Sassatelli
Analysis of Notions of Diagnosis.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Analysis of Parallel Uniform Hashing.	Fabrizio Luccio
Analysis of Plain and Diversity Combining Hybrid ARQ Protocols Over the m(geq 2)-Ary Asymmetric Channel.	Luca G. Tallini
Analysis of Real-World Driver's Frustration.	Lucas Malta
Analysis of a Class of Graph Partitioning Problems.	M. Lucertini
Analysis of a Heuristic for Code Partitioning.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Analysis of an Asymptotic Preserving Scheme for Linear Kinetic Equations in the Diffusion Limit.	Luc Mieussens
Analysis of an industrial component commonality problem.	Luc Schepens
Analysis of an integro-differential system modeling tumor growth.	Lucia Maddalena
Analysis of cubic permutation polynomials for turbo codes	Lucian Trifina
Analysis of environmental factors determining the abundance and diversity of macroinvertebrate taxa in natural wetlands of Southwest Ethiopia.	Luc De Meester
Analysis of errors in exif metadata on mobile devices.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Analysis of esophageal atrial recordings through wavelet packets decomposition.	Luca T. Mainardi
Analysis of expression in simple musical gestures to enhance audio in interfaces.	Luca Mion
Analysis of heart rate variability during exercise stress testing using respiratory information.	Luca T. Mainardi
Analysis of hyperspectral data for estimation of temperate forest canopy nitrogen concentration: comparison between an airborne (AVIRIS) and a spaceborne (Hyperion) sensor.	Lucie Plourde
Analysis of in-air movement in handwriting: A novel marker for Parkinson's disease.	Lucia Masarová
Analysis of large area Trench-IGBT current distribution under UIS test with the aid of lock-in thermography.	Lucio Rossi
Analysis of matched mRNA measurements from two different microarray technologies.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Analysis of object description methods in a video object tracking environment.	Lucian Ciobanu
Analysis of random LC tries.	Luc Devroye
Analysis of range search for random k-d trees.	Luc Devroye
Analysis of the "Toolkit" Method for the Time-Dependent Schrödinger Equation.	Lucie Baudouin
Analysis of the Best Double Frequency Policy in the Single Link Problem with Discrete Shipping Times.	Luca Bertazzi
Analysis of the Effects of Finite Precision in Neural Network-Based Sound Classifiers for Digital Hearing Aids.	Lucas Cuadra
Analysis of the Effects of Pansharpening in Change Detection on VHR Images.	Luca Capobianco
Analysis of the Free-Energy Surface of Proteins from Reversible Folding Simulations.	Lucy R. Allen
Analysis of the Mutual Inductance of Planar-Lumped Inductive Power Transfer Systems.	Oscar Lucía
Analysis of the POLDER polarization measurements performed over cloud covers.	Jean-Luc Deuze
Analysis of the Rectifier Circuit Valid Down to Its Low-Voltage Limit.	Lucas G. de Carli
Analysis of the Spatial Distribution of Galaxies by Multiscale Methods.	Jean-Luc Starck
Analysis of the effect of phase noise in OFDM systems.	Luciano Tomba
Analysis of the maximum level policy in a production-distribution system.	Luca Bertazzi
Analysis of the predictability of time series obtained from genomic sequences by using several predictors.	Lucian Iulian Fira
Analysis of the quality of experience of a commercial voice-over-IP service.	Luc Martens
Analysis of unsupervised template update in biometric recognition systems.	Luca Didaci
Analysis of unsupervised template update in biometric recognition systems.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Analytic Tableaux Calculi for KLM Logics of Nonmonotonic Reasoning	Gian Luca Pozzato
Analytic equivalence relations and bi-embeddability.	Luca Motto Ros
Analytic stochastic process solutions of second-order random differential equations.	Lucas Jódar
Analytic tableaux calculi for KLM logics of nonmonotonic reasoning.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Analytically solvable model for the entanglement via scattering-like mechanisms.	Jerzy Luczka
Analyzing Complementarities Using Software Stacks for Software Industry Acquisitions.	Lucia Silva Gao
Analyzing Differences between Gabor Functions and Ica Filters Learned from Natural Scenes.	Fausto Lucena
Analyzing Expected Outcomes and Almost-Sure Termination of Probabilistic Programs is Hard.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Analyzing Multitarget Activity Landscapes Using Protein-Ligand Interaction Fingerprints: Interaction Cliffs.	Oscar Méndez-Lucio
Analyzing Self-Adjusting Linear List Algorithms with Deletions and Unsuccessful Searches.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Analyzing the impact of MOACO components: An algorithmic study on the multi-objective shortest path problem.	Luciana S. Buriol
Analyzing the topological, electrical and reliability characteristics of a power transmission system for identifying its critical elements.	Lucia R. Golea
Anatomic modeling of deformable human bodies.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Anatomy and control of the developing human vocal tract: A response to Lieberman.	Lucie Ménard
Anatomy and control of the developing human vocal tract: A response to Lieberman.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Ancestors, descendants, and gardens of Eden in reaction systems.	Luca Manzoni
Android vs. SEAndroid: An empirical assessment.	Luca Verderame
Anecdotes.	Lucy Slater
Angles of Planar Triangular Graphs.	Luca Vismara
Angular Momentum During Unexpected Multidirectional Perturbations Delivered While Walking.	Lorenzo Bassi Luciani
Animal Interactions and the Emergence of Territoriality.	Luca Giuggioli
Animatronics Workshop: A Theater + Engineering Collaboration at a High School.	Lucas Jacob
Anisotropic error estimates for elliptic problems.	Luca Formaggia
Annals of Knowledge Sharing in Distributed Software Development Environments: Experience from Open Source Software Projects.	Luc Soete
Anneaux de Fonctions p-adiques.	Luc Bélair
Anneaux p-Adiquement Clos et Anneaux de Fonctions Définissables.	Luc Bélair
AnnotateGenomicRegions: a web application.	Luca Zammataro
Annotating the Interaction between Focus and Modality: the case of exclusive particles.	Luciana ávila
Anonymous and positively responsive aggregation rules.	Lucas Hoots
Anonymously productive and socially engaged while learning at work.	Luca Magni
Ant Algorithms for Discrete Optimization.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Ant Colony Heuristic for Mapping and Scheduling Tasks and Communications on Heterogeneous Embedded Systems.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Ant Colony System for a Dynamic Vehicle Routing Problem.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Ant colony optimization for real-world vehicle routing problems.	Enzo Lucibello
Ant colony optimization for real-world vehicle routing problems.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Ant colony system: a cooperative learning approach to the traveling salesman problem.	Luca Maria Gambardella
AntHocNet: an adaptive nature-inspired algorithm for routing in mobile ad hoc networks.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Antecedents and consequences of e-business use for European retailers.	Laura Lucia-Palacios
Anti-Pattern Detection: Methods, Challenges, and Open Issues.	Andrea De Lucia
Anti-Powers in Infinite Words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Anti-windup synthesis for linear control systems with input saturation: Achieving regional, nonlinear performance.	Luca Zaccarian
Anti-windup synthesis via sampled-data piecewise affine optimal control.	Luca Zaccarian
AntiHunter: searching BLAST output for EST antisense transcripts.	Luca Sessa
Antimicrobial Peptides Design by Evolutionary Multiobjective Optimization.	Mariagrazia Di Luca
Antimony: a modular model definition language.	Lucian P. Smith
Antirealism and the Conditional Fallacy: The Semantic Approach.	Luca Moretti
Antiwindup for stable linear systems with input saturation: an LMI-based synthesis.	Luca Zaccarian
Anwendung der Kriging-Approximation zur Anfertigung der Regenfallkarten für Polen.	Lucyna Bogdan
Anxiety Induction in Virtual Environments: An Experimental Comparison of Three General Techniques.	Luca Chittaro
Anxiety predicts a differential neural response to attended and unattended facial signals of anger and fear.	Luca Passamonti
Any Discrimination Rule Can Have an Arbitrarily Bad Probability of Error for Finite Sample Size.	Luc Devroye
AnyExpress: Integrated toolkit for analysis of cross-platform gene expression data using a fast interval matching algorithm.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Análisis de sentimientos en Twitter: impacto de las características morfológicas.	Cupertino Lucero
Aperiodic Transducers.	Luc Dartois
Aperiodic pseudorandom number generators based on infinite words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Aplicación de la UML como herramienta de auxilio en la gestión emprsarial.	Luciano Ferreira Silva
Aplicación de métodos estadísticos para la traducción de voz a Lengua de Signos.	Juan Manuel Lucas
Aplicação de Modelos Intencionais e Sistemas Multiagentes para Estabelecer Políticas de Monitoração de Transparência de Software.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Aplicação de Modelos de Aprendizado Semissupervisionado na Classificação de Imagens de Sensoriamento Remoto.	Luciano Vieira Dutra
Aplicação de redes neurais ART e análise de textura para a classificação do estado de alteração de agregados minerais.	Luciano José Senger
Appearance-based active object recognition.	Lucas Paletta
Appliance Recognition in an OSGi-Based Home Energy Management Gateway.	Antonio Luchetta
Applicability of Hydrologic Response Units in low topographic relief catchments and evaluation using high resolution aerial photograph analysis.	Stuart Lucas
Application Integration: Constructing Composite Applications from Interactive Components.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Application Space Exploration of a Heterogeneous Run-Time Configurable Digital Signal Processor.	Luca Vanzolini
Application development with the FlexWAFE real-time stream processing architecture for FPGAs.	Amilcar do Carmo Lucas
Application of Computer-Aided Drug Repurposing in the Search of New Cruzipain Inhibitors: Discovery of Amiodarone and Bromocriptine Inhibitory Effects.	Lucas N. Alberca
Application of Cyclic Control to a Two-link Flexible Arm.	Pasquale Lucibello
Application of Global Route-Planning Algorithms with Geodesy.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Application of Graph Theory to the elaboration of personal genomic data for genealogical research.	Luca Pagani
Application of Graph Theory to the elaboration of personal genomic data for genealogical research.	Luca Pagani
Application of Information Technology: AEGIS: A Robust and Scalable Real-time Public Health Surveillance System.	Lucy E. Hadden
Application of Information Technology: SMART - An Integrated Wireless System for Monitoring Unattended Patients.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Application of Laguerre matrix polynomials to the numerical inversion of Laplace transforms of matrix functions.	Lucas Jódar
Application of Reconfigurable CORDIC Architectures.	Luc Séméria
Application of a Unified Jacobian-Torsor Model for Tolerance Analysis.	Luc Laperrière
Application of a ligand-based theoretical approach to derive conversion paths and ligand conformations in CYP11B2-mediated aldosterone formation.	Luc Roumen
Application of a self-organizing map to select representative species in multivariate analysis: A case study determining diatom distribution patterns across France.	Jean-Luc Giraudel
Application of fuzzy logic in resistive fault modeling and simulation.	Caro Lucas
Application of global sensitivity analysis and uncertainty quantification in dynamic modelling of micropollutants in stormwater runoff.	Luca Vezzaro
Application of multistage stochastic programs solved in parallel in portfolio management.	Mária Lucká
Application of non-negative matrix factorization to LC/MS data.	Jean-Luc Starck
Application of the fast multipole method for the evaluation of magnetostatic fields in micromagnetic computations.	Luc Dupré
Application-Adaptive Guardbanding to Mitigate Static and Dynamic Variability.	Luca Benini
Application-Specific Instruction-Set Processor for Retinex-Like Image and Video Processing.	Luca Fanucci
Application-oriented cache memory configuration for energy efficiency in multi-cores.	Lucas Albers Cuminato
Application-specific Array Processors for the Longest Common Subsequence Problem of Three Sequences.	Guillaume Luce
Applications of Finite Automata Representing Large Vocabularies.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
Applications of Many-Core Technologies to On-line Event Reconstruction in High Energy Physics Experiments.	D. Lucchesi
Applications of Modern HCIs in Adaptive Mobile Learning.	Luca Szegletes
Applications of Thermoresistive Sensors Using the Electric Equivalence Principle.	Benedito A. Luciano
Applications of alignment-free methods in epigenomics.	Luca Pinello
Applications of molecular communications to medicine: A survey.	Luca Felicetti
Applications of the Theory of Records in the Study of Random Trees.	Luc Devroye
Applications of topic maps in knowledge management systems.	Thomas Luckeneder
Applied Cognitive Science Laboratory at the Pennsylvania State University.	Lucio Inguscio
Applied nonlinear control of an induction motor using digital signal processing.	Jean-Luc Thomas
Applied nonlinear control of an induction motor using digital signal processing.	Luc Dugard
Applying Artificial Intelligence to Virtual Reality: Intelligent Virtual Environments.	Michael Luck
Applying BCMP multi-class queueing networks for the performance evaluation of hierarchical and modular software systems.	Gian-Luca Dei Rossi
Applying Bayesian networks for intelligent adaptable printing systems.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Applying Concurrency Research in Industry Report on a Strategic Workshop.	Luca Aceto
Applying Multi-Core Model Checking to Hardware-Software Partitioning in Embedded Systems (extended version).	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Applying Response Surface Methodology to Small Planar Transformer Winding Design.	Federico Luchino
Applying SMT-based verification to hardware/software partitioning in embedded systems.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Applying Security to a Big Stream Cloud Architecture for the Internet of Things.	Luca Davoli
Applying Trajectory approach with static priority queuing for improving the use of available AFDX resources.	Jean-Luc Scharbarg
Applying a Cellular Automata Method for the Study of Transport and Deposition of Volcanic Particles.	Jean-Luc Falcone
Applying a smoothing filter to improve IR-based traceability recovery processes: An empirical investigation.	Andrea De Lucia
Applying an update method to a set of receivers.	Luca Cabibbo
Applying and evaluating concern-sensitive design heuristics.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Applying brain emotional learning algorithm for multivariable control of HVAC systems.	Caro Lucas
Applying electronic contracting to the aerospace aftercare domain.	Michael Luck
Applying mobile agents in an immune-system-based intrusion detection system.	Lucas M. Venter
Applying multi-criteria approaches to ontology ranking: a comparison with AKTiveRank.	Luciano Tarricone
Applying real-time interface and calculus for dynamic power management in hard real-time systems.	Luca Santinelli
Applying security policies through agent roles: A JAAS based approach.	Luca Ferrari
Applying symbolic bounded model checking to the 2012 RERS greybox challenge.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Applying the 3C model to groupware development.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Applying the semantic web to represent an individual's academic and professional background.	Luciano Vieira de Araújo
Applying whole system design in a sportscar factory	Luca Piancastelli
Approaches for solving the stochastic equilibrium assignment with variable demand: internal vs. external solution algorithms.	Stefano de Luca
Approaches that use software to support the prevention of pressure ulcer: A systematic review.	Luciano Vieira de Araújo
Approaching Sentiment Analysis by using semi-supervised learning of multi-dimensional classifiers.	Manuel Lucania
Approche transformationnelle de la réingénierie des données.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Approches matérielles et logicielles de l'algorithme de chiffrement IDEA.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Approximate Matching for Two Families of Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
Approximate Matching of Structured Motifs in Dna Sequences.	Nicolas Luc
Approximate Mechanisms for the Graphical TSP and Other Graph-Traversal Problems.	Luciano Gualà
Approximate Mechanisms for the Graphical TSP and Other Graph-Traversal Problems.	Luca Forlizzi
Approximate controllability and lack of controllability to zero of the heat equation with memory.	Luciano Pandolfi
Approximate dynamic programming with a fuzzy parameterization.	Lucian Busoniu
Approximate fuzzy arithmetic operations using monotonic interpolations.	Luciano Stefanini
Approximate inverse preconditioning in the parallel solution of sparse eigenproblems.	Luca Bergamaschi
Approximate reasoning and prototypical knowledge.	Luca Console
Approximate stochastic dynamic programming for sensor scheduling to track multiple targets.	Lucas W. Krakow
Approximating Coalescing Points for Eigenvalues of Hermitian Matrices of Three Parameters.	Luca Dieci
Approximating PageRank locally with sublinear query complexity.	Luca Pretto
Approximating Satisfiable Satisfiability Problems.	Luca Trevisan
Approximating Succinct MaxSat.	Luca Trevisan
Approximating call-scheduling makespan in all-optical networks.	Luca Becchetti
Approximating layout problems on random graphs.	Luca Trevisan
Approximating the Expansion Profile and Almost Optimal Local Graph Clustering	Luca Trevisan
Approximating the Metric TSP in Linear Time.	Luca Forlizzi
Approximating the Minimum Spanning Tree Weight in Sublinear Time.	Luca Trevisan
Approximating the max-edge-coloring problem.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Approximating the protection offered by a channel code in terms of bit error rate.	Luc Vandendorpe
Approximating the traffic grooming problem in tree and star networks.	Luca Moscardelli
Approximating the traffic grooming problem.	Luca Moscardelli
Approximation Algorithms for Unique Games	Luca Trevisan
Approximation Algorithms for Unique Games.	Luca Trevisan
Approximation algorithms for routing and call scheduling in all-optical chains and rings.	Luca Becchetti
Approximation and Shape Preserving Properties of the Bernstein Operator of Max-Product Kind.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Approximation by means of nonlinear Kantorovich sampling type operators in Orlicz spaces.	Luca Zampogni
Approximation of Helfrich's Functional via Diffuse Interfaces.	Luca Mugnai
Approximation of IMSE-optimal Designs via Quadrature Rules and Spectral Decomposition.	Luc Pronzato
Approximation of fuzzy numbers by max-product Bernstein operators.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Approximation of non-boolean 2CSP.	Luca Trevisan
Approximation of surfaces with fault(s) and/or rapidly varying data, using a segmentation process, D  m -splines and the finite element method.	Lucia Romani
Approximation of the eigenvalue problem for the time harmonic Maxwell system by continuous Lagrange finite elements.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Approximation order and approximate sum rules in subdivision.	Lucia Romani
Approximation properties of haplotype tagging.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Approximations of Lovász extensions and their induced interaction index.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Approximations of fuzzy numbers by trapezoidal fuzzy numbers preserving the ambiguity and value.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Approximations of the Planck Function for Models and Measurements Into the Submillimeter Range.	Jean-Luc Moncet
Approximations to π Derived from Integrals with Nonnegative Integrands.	Stephen K. Lucas
Aproximating static list schedules in dynamic multithreaded applications.	Luciana Foss
Architecting an open system for querying large C and C++ code bases.	Lucian Voinea
Architectural Exploration and Design of Time-Interleaved SAR Arrays for Low-Power and High Speed A/D Converters.	Luca Fanucci
Architectural-Level Power Optimization of Microcontroller Cores in Embedded Systems.	Luca Fanucci
Architecture Support for Tightly-Coupled Multi-Core Clusters with Shared-Memory HW Accelerators.	Luca Benini
Architecture and testbed implementation of vertical handovers based on SIP session border controllers.	Luca Veltri
Architecture for an Intelligent Tutoring System that Considers Learning Styles.	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Architecture of a network-aware P2P-TV application: the NAPA-WINE approach.	Luca Muscariello
Architecture of the Atlas Chip-Multiprocessor: Dynamically Parallelizing Irregular Applications.	Lucian Codrescu
Architecture-based regulatory compliance argumentation.	Lucian Onea
Architectures and synthesis algorithms for power-efficient businterfaces.	Luca Benini
Architecutre of a Recommender System to Support Collaboration in a Software Environment.	Pablo Lucas dos Anjos
Are Delayed Issues Harder to Resolve? Revisiting Cost-to-Fix of Defects throughout the Lifecycle.	Lucas Layman
Are Engineering and Social Justice (In)commensurable? A Theoretical Exploration of Macro-Sociological Frameworks.	Juan C. Lucena
Are Foreign IT Workers Cheaper? U.S. Visa Policies and Compensation of Information Technology Professionals.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Are There Easy-to-Check Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for Straightforward Interval Computations To Be Exact?	Luc Longpré
Are judgments for action verbs and point-light human actions equivalent?	Lucette Toussaint
Are test smells really harmful? An empirical study.	Andrea De Lucia
Area and Power Modeling for Networks-on-Chip with Layout Awareness.	Luca Benini
Area and System Clock Effects on SMT/CMP Throughput.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Area law for fixed points of rapidly mixing dissipative quantum systems.	Angelo Lucia
Argos - a Video Surveillance System for boat Traffic Monitoring in Venice.	Luca Iocchi
Argument Mapping and Content Fusion to Support the Analysis and Synthesis of Information in Online Discussions.	Luca Iandoli
Argumentation-Based Ontology Engineering.	Markus Luczak
Aristotle: A performance impact indicator for the OpenCL kernels using local memory.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Arithmetic Operations for Digital Computers Using a Modified Reflected Binary Code.	Harold M. Lucal
Arithmetic Operators for Pairing-Based Cryptography.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Arithmetic for Rooted Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
Arma model identification using higher order statistics and fisher information concepts.	Jean-Luc Vuattoux
Arquitectura para la creación de ambientes móviles de recomendación, interacción y alertas para usuarios de una plataforma de EaD.	Lucas Monteiro Braz
Arrangements of double pseudolines	Luc Habert
Array Program Transformation with Loo.py by Example: High-Order Finite Elements.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Array detection of random signals embedded in an additive mixture of spherically invariant and Gaussian noise.	Luciano Izzo
Articles ROADEF 2006.	Luce Brotcorne
Articulated motion discovery using pairs of trajectories.	Luca Del Pero
Articulating (mis)understanding across design discipline interfaces at a design team meeting.	Rachael Luck
Articulation Characteristics of Severely and Profoundly Deaf Children and Approaches to Therapy: A Review of the Electropalatography Literature.	Lucy Ellis
Articulatory-acoustic relationships during vocal tract growth for French vowels: Analysis of real data and simulations with an articulatory model.	Lucie Ménard
Articulatory-acoustic relationships during vocal tract growth for French vowels: Analysis of real data and simulations with an articulatory model.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Artificial Defocus for Displaying Markers in Microscopy Z-Stacks.	Luca Gianaroli
Artificial Defocus for Displaying Markers in Microscopy Z-Stacks.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Artificial Intelligence and Robotics.	Luca Iocchi
Artificial Intelligence and Synchronization in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Paladina
Artificial Intelligence for Cultural Heritage and Digital Libraries.	Luciana Bordoni
Artificial Intelligence in Belgium and the BeNeLux: Past and Future.	Luc De Raedt
Artificial Intelligence-Mediated Interaction in Virtual Reality Art.	Jean-Luc Lugrin
Artificial and Computational Intelligence in Games (Dagstuhl Seminar 12191).	Simon M. Lucas
Artificial and Computational Intelligence in Games: Integration (Dagstuhl Seminar 15051).	Simon M. Lucas
Artificial intelligence, history and knowledge representation.	Lucia Zarri-Baldi
Artificial life approach for continuous optimisation of non-stationary dynamical systems.	Matteo Lucchetti
Artificial neural networks and multicriterion analysis for sustainable irrigation planning.	Lucien Duckstein
Artificial neural networks to optimize the extrusion of an aluminium alloy.	Carmine Lucignano
Artificial super-Bee enhanced Colony (AsBeC) algorithm for numerical optimization with limited function evaluations Part 1: technologies and benchmark validation.	Luca Vassio
Aspects Regarding Operations with Fuzzy Processes	Lucian L. Luca
Aspects Regarding Operations with Fuzzy Processes	Lucian Luca
Aspects for Graph Grammars.	Luciana Foss
Aspects for untangling cross-layer design and policy support.	Luciana Pereira Oliveira
Assembling a device.	Jean-Luc Dormoy
Assembly-Based Method Engineering with Method Patterns.	Markus Luckey
Assertion modeling and its role in clinical phenotype identification.	Lucy Vanderwende
Assessing IR-based traceability recovery tools through controlled experiments.	Andrea De Lucia
Assessing Idioms for a Flexible Feature Binding Time.	Lucas Satabin
Assessing Interaction Dynamics in the Context of Robot Programming by Demonstration.	Ana Lucia Pais
Assessing Knowledge Retention of an Immersive Serious Game vs. a Traditional Education Method in Aviation Safety.	Luca Chittaro
Assessing Staffing Needs for a Software Maintenance Project through Queuing Simulation.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Assessing a Potential Cyberattack on the Italian Electric System.	Luca Guidi
Assessing and managing the information and communication risk of power generation.	Luca Guidi
Assessing effort estimation models for corrective maintenance through empirical studies.	Andrea De Lucia
Assessing human reorientation ability inside virtual reality environments: the effects of retention interval and landmark characteristics.	Luciana Picucci
Assessing quality of experience for high definition video streaming under diverse packet loss patterns.	Lucjan Janowski
Assessing risk in sustainable construction using the Functional Resonance Analysis Method (FRAM).	Lucio Villarinho Rosa
Assessing sentence scoring techniques for extractive text summarization.	Luciano Favaro
Assessing sentence scoring techniques for extractive text summarization.	Luciano de Souza Cabral
Assessing social construction of knowledge online: A critique of the interaction analysis model.	Margarida Lucas
Assessing survivability of smart grid distribution network designs accounting for multiple failures.	Lucia Happe
Assessing survivability to support power grid investment decisions.	Lucia Happe
Assessing the Economic Impact of Cultural Events: A Methodology Based on Applying Action-Tracking Technologies.	Maria Della Lucia
Assessing the Electromagnetic Fields Generated By a Radiofrequency MRI Body Coil at 64 MHz: Defeaturing Versus Accuracy.	Elena Lucano
Assessing the Reconstructability of Shadow Areas in VHR Images.	Luca Lorenzi
Assessing the accuracy of using aggregated traffic traces in network engineering.	Lucjan Janowski
Assessing the contribution of shallow and deep knowledge sources for word sense disambiguation.	Lucia Specia
Assessing the economic performance of an environmental sustainable supply chain in reducing environmental externalities.	Lucy Zheng
Assessing the level of healthcare information technology adoption in the United States: a snapshot.	Lucian Leape
Assessing the maintenance processes of a software organization: an empirical analysis of a large industrial project.	Andrea De Lucia
Assessing the quality of annotations in asthma gene expression experiments.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Assessing the research and education quality of the top Brazilian Computer Science graduate programs.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Assessing the usability of a visual tool for the definition of e-learning processes.	Andrea De Lucia
Assessment of Alterations in the Electrical Impedance of Muscle After Experimental Nerve Injury via Finite-Element Analysis.	Lucy L. Wang
Assessment of Impacts of Telematics onto Industrial Structures.	Luc Moens
Assessment of Parturition with Cervical Light-Induced Fluorescence and Uterine Electromyography.	Miha Lucovnik
Assessment of a Product Range Model concept to support design reuse using rule based systems and case based reasoning.	Marcos Alexandre Luciano
Assessment of a TD-Based Method for Characterization of Antennas.	Luciano Tarricone
Assessment of a TD-Based Method for Characterization of Antennas.	Luca Catarinucci
Assessment of a percutaneous iliosacral screw insertion simulator	Lucile Vadcard
Assessment of algorithms for mitosis detection in breast cancer histopathology images.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Assessment of algorithms for mitosis detection in breast cancer histopathology images.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Assessment of female facial beauty based on anthropometric, non-permanent and acquisition characteristics.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Assessment of image features for vessel wall segmentation in intravascular ultrasound images.	Lucas Lo Vercio
Assessment of multi-scale drought datasets to quantify drought severity and impacts in agriculture: a case study for Slovenia.	Lucka Kajfez-Bogataj
Assessment of spontaneous cardiovascular oscillations in Parkinson's disease.	Claudio Lucetti
Assessment of spontaneous cardiovascular oscillations in Parkinson's disease.	Luca Citi
Assessment of temperature and voltage accelerating factors for 2.3-3.2 nm SiO2 thin oxides stressed to hard breakdown.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Assessment of the Design Modularity and Stability of Multi-Agent System Product Lines.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Assessment of vegetation vulnerability to ENSO warm events over Africa.	Lucien Fotso
Assigning spare capacities in mesh survivable networks.	Jean-Luc Lutton
Assimilation of Surface- and Root-Zone ASCAT Soil Moisture Products Into Rainfall-Runoff Modeling.	Luca Brocca
Assisting Physical (Hydro)Therapy With Wireless Sensors Networks.	Lucas Batista Gabriel
Associations between cortical thickness and verbal fluency in childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood.	Monica Luciana
Associative Memristive Memory for Approximate Computing in GPUs.	Luca Benini
Associative Polynomial Functions over Bounded Distributive Lattices.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Associative string functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Astronomical Data Analysis and Sparsity: From Wavelets to Compressed Sensing.	Jean-Luc Starck
Astronomical Image Denoising Using Dictionary Learning	Jean-Luc Starck
Asymmetric PML for the absorption of waves. Application to mesh refinement in electromagnetic Particle-In-Cell plasma simulations.	Jean-Luc Vay
Asymmetries in vowel perception, in the context of the Dispersion-Focalisation Theory.	Lucie Ménard
Asymmetries in vowel perception, in the context of the Dispersion-Focalisation Theory.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Asymptotic Analysis of Multicell Massive MIMO over Rician Fading Channels.	Luca Sanguinetti
Asymptotic Analysis of Upwind Discontinuous Galerkin Approximation of the Radiative Transport Equation in the Diffusive Limit.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Asymptotic Behavior of a Class of Nonlinear Stochastic Heat Equations with Memory Effects.	Luciano Tubaro
Asymptotic Convergence of Conjugate Gradient Methods for the Partial Symmetric Eigenproblem.	Luca Bergamaschi
Asymptotic Expansion of the Heteroclinic Bifurcation for the Planar Normal Form of the 1: 2 Resonance.	Luci A. F. Roberto
Asymptotic Properties of Sequential Streaming Leveraging Users' Cooperation.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Asymptotic analysis of downlink MIMO systems over Rician fading channels.	Luca Sanguinetti
Asymptotic behaviour of a family of gradient algorithms in Rd and Hilbert spaces.	Luc Pronzato
Asymptotic behaviour of the solutions of second order functional differential equations.	Lucas Jódar
Asymptotic decay for the solutions of the parabolic-parabolic Keller-Segel chemotaxis system in critical spaces.	Lucilla Corrias
Asymptotic expressions of certain type of matrix integrals.	Lucas Jódar
Asymptotic methods in the stability analysis of parametrized homogeneous flows.	Luc Moreau
Asymptotically Optimal Solutions for Small World Graphs.	Luca Moscardelli
Asymptotically Optimum Space-Diversity Detection in Non-Gaussian Noise.	Luciano Izzo
Asymptotically optimum diversity detection in correlated non-Gaussian noise.	Luciano Izzo
Asymptotics of the modified bessel and the incomplete gamma matrix functions.	Lucas Jódar
Asynchronous Implementation of Failure Detectors with partial connectivity and unknown participants	Luciana Bezerra Arantes
Asynchronous Mediation for Integrating Business and Operational Processes.	Luc Bellissard
Asynchronous cellular automata and dynamical properties.	Luca Manzoni
At-Speed Distributed Functional Testing to Detect Logic and Delay Faults in NoCs.	Luca Benini
AthenaTV: an authoring tool of educational applications for TV using android-based interface design patterns.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Atmospheric Artifact Compensation in Ground-Based DInSAR Applications.	Luca Pipia
Atom-Aid: Detecting and Surviving Atomicity Violations.	Brandon Lucia
Atrioventricular nodal function during atrial fibrillation: Model building and robust estimation.	Luca T. Mainardi
Attack Interference in Non-Collaborative Scenarios for Security Protocol Analysis [Extended Version]	Luca Viganò 0001
Attack Planning in the Real World.	Jorge Lucángeli Obes
Attack against Ibrahim's Distributed Key Generation for RSA.	Lucjan Hanzlik
Attacking Reduced Rounds of the ARIA Block Cipher.	Stefan Lucks
Attacks on AURORA-512 and the Double-Mix Merkle-Damgaard Transform.	Stefan Lucks
Attacks on the DECT authentication mechanisms.	Stefan Lucks
Attention and Anticipation in Fast Visual-Inertial Navigation.	Luca Carlone
Attention to multiple local critics in decision making and control.	Caro Lucas
Attenuation and Differential Attenuation Correction of C-Band Radar Observations Using a Fully Self-Consistent Methodology.	Luca Baldini
Attitude Estimation of a Biologically Inspired Robotic Housefly via Multimodal Sensor Fusion.	Luca Schenato
Attitude Stabilization of a Biologically Inspired Robotic Housefly via Dynamic Multimodal Attitude Estimation.	Luca Schenato
Attitude control for a micromechanical flying insect via sensor output feedback.	Luca Schenato
Attitudes of nursing staff towards computerisation: a case of two hospitals in Nairobi, Kenya.	Lucy W. Kivuti-Bitok
Attitudes of pediatric intensive care unit physicians towards the use of cognitive aids: a qualitative study.	Luc Côté
Attractors of Linear Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Atualizando Informação Dinâmica na Web: o Caso do Conteúdo de Notícias.	Luciano Barbosa
Auction algorithms for decentralized parallel machine scheduling.	Lucio Grandinetti
Audio Partitioning and Transcription for Broadcast Data Indexation.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Audio-video biometric recognition for non-collaborative access granting.	Gian Luca Foresti
Audio-visual crossmodal interactions in environmental perception: an fMRI investigation.	Gian Luca Romani
Auditory evoked fields to vocalization during passive listening and active generation in adults who stutter.	Luc F. De Nil
Auditory perceptual decision-making based on semantic categorization of environmental sounds.	Marzia De Lucia
Auditory perceptual decision-making based on semantic categorization of environmental sounds.	Lucas Spierer
Auf dem Weg zu neuen Hashfunktionen - Ein Wettbewerb.	Stefan Lucks
Auf den Spuren von Konrad Zuse - Ein ortsbezogenes Lern-Adventure.	Ulrike Lucke
Augmented Reality (AR) for Assembly Processes Design and Experimental Evaluation.	Holger Luczak
Augmented Reality Aspects of Object Recognition in Driver Support Systems.	Peter Lucz
Augmented Reality to Support On-Field Post-Impact Maintenance Operations on Thin Structures.	Luca De Marchi
Augmenting Subsumption Propagation in Distributed Description Logics.	Luciano Serafini
Authentication and Authorization Mechanisms for Multi-Domain Grid Environments.	Gian Luca Volpato
Authentication and Authorization Mechanisms for Multi-Domain Grid Environments.	Luca dell'Agnello
Authenticité d'un jeu sérieux.	Jean-Luc Bosson
Authoring and implementation of virtual patients in nursing - the new challenge at the Jagiellonian University Medical College.	Lucyna Scislo
Authors' Reply.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Authors' reply to comments on "Asymptotically optimum space-diversity detection in non-Gaussian noise".	Luciano Izzo
Autism and digital learning environments: Processes of interaction and mediation.	Lucila Maria Costi Santarosa
AutoCollage.	Lucas Bordeaux
AutoMotif server: prediction of single residue post-translational modifications in proteins.	Lucjan Stanislaw Wyrwicz
AutoRefactoring: A platform to build refactoring agents.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Autoassociator-based models for speaker verification.	Luca Lastrucci
Automata for Reduction Properties Solving.	Jean-Luc Coquidé
Automated Analysis of Scenario-based Specifications of Distributed Access Control Policies with Non-Mechanizable Activities (Extended Version).	Luca Viganò 0001
Automated DNA fragments recognition and sizing through AFM image processing.	Luca Benini
Automated Detection and Segmentation of Large Lesions in CT Colonography.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Automated Detection of Breast Cancer in Thermal Infrared Images, Based on Independent Component Analysis.	Luciano Boquete
Automated Diagnosis.	Luca Console
Automated Gripper Jaw Design and Grasp Planning for Sets of 3D Objects.	Lucian Balan
Automated Map Generation for the Physical Traveling Salesman Problem.	Simon M. Lucas
Automated Negotiation Between Publishers And Consumers Of Grid Notifications.	Michael Luck
Automated Negotiation Between Publishers And Consumers Of Grid Notifications.	Luc Moreau
Automated Reasoning for Security Protocol Analysis.	Luca Viganò 0001
Automated Security Protocol Analysis With the AVISPA Tool.	Luca Viganò 0001
Automated Validation of Security-sensitive Web Services specified in BPEL and RBAC (Extended Version)	Luca Viganò 0001
Automated contour detection of the left ventricle in short axis view in 2D echocardiograms.	Luc Maes
Automated contrast medium monitoring system for computed tomography - Intra-institutional audit.	Dario Luca Lauretti
Automated correction of spin-history related motion artefacts in fMRI: Simulated and phantom data.	Lucian Muresan
Automated defect detection in uniform and structured fabrics using Gabor filters and PCA.	Lucia Bissi
Automated design space exploration for FPGA-based heterogeneous interconnects.	Luca Gallo
Automated docking of 82 N-benzylpiperidine derivatives to mouse acetylcholinesterase and comparative molecular field analysis with 'natural' alignment.	Lucien Coppet
Automated extraction and parameterization of motions in large data sets.	Lucas Kovar
Automated formal verification for flexible manufacturing systems.	Luca Ferrucci
Automated high-content morphological analysis of muscle fiber histology.	Luciano da F. Costa
Automated image analysis for electron microscopy specimen assessment.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Automated interviews on clinical case reports to elicit directed acyclic graphs.	Davide Luciani
Automated multi-label text categorization with VG-RAM weightless neural networks.	Lucas de Paula Veronese
Automated multi-subject fiber clustering of mouse brain using dominant sets.	Luca Dodero
Automated qualitative assessment of multi-modal distortions in digital images based on GLZ.	Lucjan Janowski
Automated selection of mathematical software.	Michael Lucks
Automated stratification of liver disease in ultrasound: An online accurate feature classification paradigm.	Luca Saba
Automated synthesis of asynchronous interface circuits.	Luciano Lavagno
Automated system for inductance realization traceable to AC resistance with a three-voltmeter method.	Luca Callegaro
Automated user documentation generation based on the Eclipse application model.	Lucia Amann
Automatic 3D model building from video sequences.	Luc J. Van Gool
Automatic Array Partitioning Based on the Smith Normal Form.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Automatic Clutter-Loss Optimization: A Case Study in LTE Networks.	Lucas Benedicic
Automatic Contour Extraction from 2D Neuron Images	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Automatic Crude Patch Registration: Toward Automatic 3D Model Building.	Luc J. Van Gool
Automatic Detection of Scoliotic Curves in Posteroanterior Radiographs.	Luc Duong
Automatic Detection of Slight Changes in nonlinear Dynamical Systems using Multiresolution Entropy Tools.	Lucas Gamero
Automatic Distributed Voltage Control Algorithm in Smart Grids Applications.	Luca Delli Carpini
Automatic Document Classification Temporally Robust.	Lucas Cunha
Automatic Equivalence Proofs for Non-deterministic Coalgebras	Dorel Lucanu
Automatic Face Segmentation and Facial Landmark Detection in Range Images.	Luciano Silva
Automatic Facial Skin Segmentation Based on EM Algorithm under Varying Illumination.	Caro Lucas
Automatic Fault Isolation by Cultural Algorithms With Differential Influence.	Giuseppe Lucariello
Automatic Generation of Game Level Solutions as Storyboards.	Jean-Luc Lugrin
Automatic Generation of Modular Multipliers for FPGA Applications.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Automatic Generation of User-Defined Virtual Documents Using Query and Layout Templates.	Wendy T. Lucas
Automatic Generation of Visual Programming Environments.	Andrea De Lucia
Automatic Handwritten Mensural Notation Interpreter: From Manuscript to MIDI Performance.	Luc J. Van Gool
Automatic Lung Segmentation Using Control Feedback System: Morphology and Texture Paradigm.	Luca Saba
Automatic Mode Matching in MEMS Vibrating Gyroscopes Using Extremum-Seeking Control.	Luciano Prandi
Automatic Multi-GPU Code Generation applied to Simulation of Electrical Machines	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Automatic Network Fingerprinting through Single-Node Motifs	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Automatic Pattern Recognition: A Study of the Probability of Error.	Luc Devroye
Automatic Plankton Image Recognition.	Luc Vincent
Automatic Program Verification I: A Logical Basis and its Implementation.	David C. Luckham
Automatic Proofs of Termination With Elementary Interpretations.	Salvador Lucas
Automatic Prosodic Variations Modeling for Language and Dialect Discrimination.	Jean-Luc Rouas
Automatic Segmentation of Ventricular Cerebrospinal Fluid from Ischemic Stroke CT Images.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Automatic Speech-to-Text Transcription in Arabic.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Automatic Summarization System coupled with a Question-Answering System (QAAS)	Pier-Luc St-Onge
Automatic Surface Generation with a Voxel-Based Skeleton Defining Topological Constraints.	Jean-Luc Mari
Automatic Synthesis of Cost Effective FFT/IFFT Cores for VLSI OFDM Systems.	Luca Fanucci
Automatic Synthesis of Large Telescopic Units Based on Near-Minimum Timed Supersetting.	Luca Benini
Automatic Synthesis of Parsers and Validation of Bitstreams Within the MPEG Reconfigurable Video Coding Framework.	Christophe Lucarz
Automatic Track Generation for High-End Racing Games Using Evolutionary Computation.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Automatic Trajectory Planner for StereoElectroEncephaloGraphy Procedures: A Retrospective Study.	Luca Antiga
Automatic View-Point Selection for Inter-Operative Endoscopic Surveillance.	Luc Soler
Automatic alignment for virtual fitting using 3D garment stretching and human body relocation.	Luchen Huang
Automatic audiovisual behavior descriptors for psychological disorder analysis.	Gale M. Lucas
Automatic camera control meets emergency simulations: An application to aviation safety.	Luca Chittaro
Automatic capture and efficient storage of e-Science experiment provenance.	Luciano A. Digiampietri
Automatic compensation system for impedance measurement.	Luca Callegaro
Automatic correspondence of tags and genes (ACTG): a tool for the analysis of SAGE, MPSS and SBS data.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Automatic cross-referencing of HCI guidelines by statistical methods.	Luc Goffinet
Automatic design of interpretable fuzzy predicate systems for clustering using self-organizing maps.	Lucía Isabel Passoni
Automatic detection and indexing of video-event shots for surveillance applications.	Lucio Marcenaro
Automatic detection and indexing of video-event shots for surveillance applications.	Gian Luca Foresti
Automatic endpoint detection to support the systematic review process.	Ana Lucic
Automatic equivalence proofs for non-deterministic coalgebras.	Dorel Lucanu
Automatic fire pixel detection using image processing: a comparative analysis of rule-based and machine learning-based methods.	Lucile Rossi
Automatic form filling on mobile devices.	Alexander De Luca
Automatic generation of the optimum threshold for parameter weighted pruning in multiple heterogeneous output neural networks.	A. Luchetta
Automatic interpolation by fair, shape-preserving, G2 space curves.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Automatic intrinsic DNA curvature computation from AFM images.	Luca Benini
Automatic labeling of social network users Scientia.Net through the machine learning supervised application.	Lucas A. Lopes
Automatic labelling of clusters of discrete and continuous data with supervised machine learning.	Lucas A. Lopes
Automatic landmark extraction from image data using modified growing neural gas network.	Caro Lucas
Automatic localization of endoscope in intraoperative CT image: A simple approach to augmented reality guidance in laparoscopic surgery.	Luc Soler
Automatic management of forums via artificial immune systems.	Luca Albergante
Automatic nonlinear auto-tuning method for Hammerstein modeling of electrical drives.	Luca Sani
Automatic object and image alignment using Fourier Descriptors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Automatic preference learning on numeric and multi-valued categorical attributes.	Lucas Marin
Automatic processing, quality assurance and serving of real-time weather data.	Lucy Bastin
Automatic run-time choice for simulation length in mimesis.	André-Luc Beylot
Automatic segmentation of breast masses using enhanced ICA mixture model.	Luciana B. Verçosa
Automatic segmentation of thalamus from brain MRI integrating fuzzy clustering and dynamic contours.	Caro Lucas
Automatic skin decomposition based on single image.	Jean Luc Lévêque
Automatic speech recognition and speech variability: A review.	Luciano Fissore
Automatic student modeling in adaptive educational systems through probabilistic learning style combinations: a qualitative comparison between two innovative stochastic approaches.	Luciano Vieira Lima
Automatic synthesis of low-power gated-clock finite-state machines.	Luca Benini
Automatic testing equivalence verification of spi calculus specifications.	Luca Durante
Automatic visual recognition of deformable objects for grasping and manipulation.	Gian Luca Foresti
Automatically Detecting Pain in Video Through Facial Action Units.	Patrick Lucey
Automatically Detecting Pain in Video Through Facial Action Units.	Simon Lucey
Automatically Identifying Morphological Relations in = Machine-Readable Dictionaries.	Lucy Vanderwende
Automatically propagating changes from reference implementations to code generation templates.	Daniel Lucrédio
Automating Experiments Using Semantic Data on a Bioinformatics Grid.	Luc Moreau
Automating extract class refactoring: an improved method and its evaluation.	Andrea De Lucia
Automating pressure ulcer risk assessment using documented patient data.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Automating the management of software maintenance workflows in a large software enterprise: a case study.	Andrea De Lucia
Automating the product derivation process of multi-agent systems product lines.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Automating trade-off analysis of security requirements.	Luca Cavallaro
Automation and Control of Fabry-Pérot Interferometers.	Luca Massotti
Automatische Kamerasteuerung bei Vortragsaufzeichnungen.	Ulrike Lucke
Automatising the analysis of stochastic biochemical time-series.	Luca De Sano
Automotive Electric Propulsion Systems With Reduced or No Permanent Magnets: An Overview.	Lucian N. Tutelea
Automotive Networking and Applications [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Automotive networking and applications [Guest editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Automotive networking and applications [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Automotive networking and applications [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Automotive networking and applications [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Autonomic Context-Aware Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luci Pirmez
Autonomic Management of Large Clusters and Their Integration into the Grid.	Luca dell'Agnello
Autonomic resource contention-aware scheduling.	Lucio Grandinetti
Autonomous 3-D positioning of surgical instruments in robotized laparoscopic surgery using visual servoing.	Luc Soler
Autonomous Reinforcement of Behavioral Sequences in Neural Dynamics	Matthew D. Luciw
Autonomous over-the-horizon navigation using LIDAR data.	Jean-Luc Bedwani
Autonomous role discovery for collaborating agents.	Luca Ferrari
Autonomous underwater vehicle guidance by integrating neural networks and geometric reasoning.	Gian Luca Foresti
Autonomous virtual mobile robot for three-dimensional medical image exploration: Application to micro-CT cochlear images.	Luca Ferrarini
Autoregressive decomposition and pole tracking applied to vocal fold nodule signals.	Lucimar Sasso Vieira
Avaliação da anotação semântica do PALAVRAS e sua pós-edição manual para o Corpus Summ-it.	Lucia Helena Machado Rino
Avaliação de Ambientes Virtuais de Aprendizagem: O Caso do ROODA na UFRGS.	Luciano G. Siqueira
Average TimeSynch: A consensus-based protocol for clock synchronization in wireless sensor networks.	Luca Schenato
Average stretch without migration.	Luca Becchetti
Average time behavior of distributive sorting algorithms.	Luc Devroye
Average-Case Analysis of Unification Algorithms.	Luc Albert
Average-Case Complexity	Luca Trevisan
Average-Case Complexity.	Luca Trevisan
Average-Case Complexity.	Luca Trevisan
Average-Case and Smoothed Competitive Analysis of the Multilevel Feedback Algorithm.	Luca Becchetti
Average-case analysis of QuickSort and Binary Insertion Tree height using incompressibility.	Brendan Lucier
Avoid or Follow? Modelling Route Choice Based on Experimental Empirical Evidences.	Luca Crociani
Avoiding Abelian Powers in Binary Words with Bounded Abelian Complexity.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Avoiding Abelian powers in binary words with bounded Abelian complexity	Luca Q. Zamboni
Avoiding patterns in irreducible permutations.	Jean-Luc Baril
Axial-Flux PM Machines With Variable Air Gap.	Luc Dupré
Axiomatic characterizations of generalized values.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Axiomatic characterizations of probabilistic and cardinal-probabilistic interaction indices.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Axiomatizations of Lovász extensions of pseudo-Boolean functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Axiomatizations of Signed Discrete Choquet integrals.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Axiomatizing Prefix Iteration with Silent Steps.	Luca Aceto
Axiomatizing weak simulation semantics over BCCSP.	Luca Aceto
Axioms for the averaging and adding representations of functional measurement.	R. Duncan Luce
B72-20 Computers in Busines-An Introduction, 2nd ed.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
B74-12 Principles of Interactive Computer Graphics.	Lucien M. Biberman
BABAR: an R package to simplify the normalisation of common reference design microarray-based transcriptomic datasets.	Sacha Lucchini
BABELOMICS: a suite of web tools for functional annotation and analysis of groups of genes in high-throughput experiments.	Lucía Conde
BABELOMICS: a systems biology perspective in the functional annotation of genome-scale experiments.	Lucía Conde
BDDC Preconditioners for Spectral Element Discretizations of Almost Incompressible Elasticity in Three Dimensions.	Luca F. Pavarino
BDI reasoning with normative considerations.	Michael Luck
BER of OFDM systems impaired by carrier frequency offset in multipath fading channels.	Luca Rugini
BICM Decoding of Jammed OFDM Transmissions Using the EM Algorithm.	Luca Sanguinetti
BOLD responses in reward regions to hypothetical and imaginary monetary rewards.	Lucy Gregorios-Pippas
BOND: Basic OligoNucleotide Design.	Lucian Ilie
BPMN Miner: Automated discovery of BPMN process models with hierarchical structure.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
BRDF Measurement Modelling using Wavelets for Efficient Path Tracing.	Luc Claustres
BSMBench: a flexible and scalable supercomputer benchmark from computational particle physics.	Biagio Lucini
BSP cost and scalability analysis for MapReduce operations.	Luciana Arantes
Back from the future.	Luca Viganò 0001
Back to the Future - 1962 Redux [Reflections and Reviews of Past Predictions].	Robert Lucky
Background modeling in the maritime domain.	Luca Iocchi
Backstepping Control of the Toroidal Plasma Current Profile in the DIII-D Tokamak.	Timothy C. Luce
Bacteriophage evolution drives Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 biofilm diversification.	Fabio Luciani
Bad Engineering Properties of Object-Oriented Languages.	Luca Cardelli
Bag of soft biometrics for person identification - New trends and challenges.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Baire reductions and good Borel reducibilities.	Luca Motto Ros
Balance control during an arm raising movement in bipedal stance: which biomechanical factor is controlled?	Luc Martin
Balanced Codes with Parallel Encoding and Decoding.	Luca G. Tallini
Balanced House-systems and Nestings.	Lucia Marino
Balanced Partitions of Trees and Applications.	Luca Foschini
Balanced Steiner Triple Systems.	Lucien Haddad
Balanced capacity of wireline multiple access channels with individual power constraints.	Luc Vandendorpe
Balanced capacity of wireline multiuser channels.	Luc Vandendorpe
Balanced robust regulation of a magnetic levitation system.	Luca Gentili
Balancing Neumann-Neumann preconditioners for mixed approximations of heterogeneous problems in linear elasticity.	Luca F. Pavarino
Balancing Privacy, Public Safety, and Network Security Concerns after September 11.	Lucas G. Paglia
Balancing bike sharing systems with constraint programming.	Luca Di Gaspero
Balancing waveform relaxation for age-structured populations in a multilayer environment.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
Ball appearance improvement in low-resolution soccer videos.	Luca Superiori
Banded target matrices and recursive FSAI for parallel preconditioning.	Luca Bergamaschi
Bandgap voltage Reference IC for HV Automotive Applications with Pseudo-Regulated Bias and Service regulator.	Luca Fanucci
Bandit-Based Random Mutation Hill-Climbing.	Simon M. Lucas
Bandwidth Allocation with Half-Duplex Stations in IEEE 802.16 Wireless Networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Bandwidth Management: A Congestion Control Strategy for Broadband Packet Networks - Characterizing the Throughput-Burstiness Filter.	David M. Lucantoni
Bandwidth-Sensitive Routing: from Individualism to Collectivism.	Caro Lucas
Bankruptcy-based radio resource management for multimedia mobile networks.	M. Carmen Lucas-Estan
Basal ganglia are active during motor performance recovery after a demanding motor task.	Luca Roccatagliata
Bases for Riemann-Roch Spaces of One-Point Divisors on an Optimal Tower of Function Fields.	Luciane Quoos
Bases for Riemann-Roch spaces of one point divisors on an optimal tower of function fields	Luciane Quoos
Basic Polymorphic Typechecking.	Luca Cardelli
Battery-Driven Dynamic Power Management.	Luca Benini
Baud rate timing recovery scheme for filter bank-based multicarrier transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
Bayesian ARTMAP for regression.	Lucian Sasu
Bayesian Algorithmic Mechanism Design	Brendan Lucier
Bayesian Belief Networks as a tool for stochastic parsing.	Helmut Lucke
Bayesian Belief Networks for predicting drinking water distribution system pipe breaks.	Lucas Henneman
Bayesian Calibration of a Lookup Table for ADC Error Correction.	Luca De Vito
Bayesian Inference of the Number of Factors in Gene-Expression Analysis: Application to Human Virus Challenge Studies.	Joseph E. Lucas
Bayesian Logic Programs	Luc De Raedt
Bayesian approach for near-duplicate image detection	Lucas Moutinho Bueno
Bayesian belief networks for human reliability analysis: A review of applications and gaps.	Luca Podofillini
Bayesian computation for logistic regression.	Lucky Mokgatlhe
Bayesian denoising in digital radiography: A comparison in the dental field.	Mirko Lucchese
Bayesian inference for multiband image segmentation via model-based cluster trees.	Jean-Luc Starck
Bayesian inference in populations of cortical neurons: a model of motion integration and segmentation in area MT.	Jean-Luc Anton
Bayesian inference of epidemics on networks via Belief Propagation.	Luca Dall'Asta
Bayesian joint analysis of heterogeneous genomics data.	Joseph E. Lucas
Bayesian learning for cardiac SPECT image interpretation.	Lucy S. Goodenday
Bayesian learning for hidden Markov model with Gaussian mixture state observation densities.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Bayesian model selection for mining mass spectrometry data.	Dennis Lucarelli
Bayesian model-based diagnosis.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Bayesian network modelling through qualitative patterns.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Bayesian networks in biomedicine and health-care.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Bayesian robustness under a skew-normal class of prior distribution.	Luciana Graziela de Godoi
BeaQoS: Load balancing and deadline management of queues in an OpenFlow SDN switch.	Luca Boero
Beaconing-Aware Optimal Policies for Two-Hop Routing in Multi-Class Delay Tolerant Networks.	Luca Goffredi
Beating the Landauer's limit by trading energy with uncertainty	Luca Gammaitoni
Beating the random assignment on constraint satisfaction problems of bounded degree.	Luca Trevisan
Beating the random assignment on constraint satisfaction problems of bounded degree.	Luca Trevisan
Beauty in Software Engineering.	Lucia Rapanotti
Behavior of power MOSFETs during heavy ions irradiation performed after γ-rays exposure.	V. De Luca
Behavioral Implicit Communication (BIC): Communicating with Smart Environments.	Luca Tummolini
Behavioral Modeling of IC Memories From Measured Data.	Luca Rigazio
Behavioral Types in Programming Languages.	Luca Padovani
Behavioral programming of autonomous characters based on probabilistic automata and personality.	Luca Chittaro
Behaviour and performance comparison between FreeRTOS and µC/OS-III.	Luc Perneel
Behavioural contracts with request-response operations.	Lucia Acciai
Behavioural equivalences and interference metrics for mobile ad-hoc networks.	Lucia Gallina
Behind BANANA: Design and Implementation of a Tool for Nesting Analysis of Mobile Ambients.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Being an agent or an observer: Different spectral dynamics revealed by MEG.	Gian Luca Romani
Beiträge der Wirtschaftsinformatik zum eGovernment.	Jörn von Lucke
Bejeweled, Candy Crush and other Match-Three Games are (NP-)Hard.	Luciano Gualà
Belief Updating from Integrity Constraints and Queries.	Luc De Raedt
Belle Computing System	Luc Hinz
Benchmark, sample & measure.	Anthony P. Lucido
Benchmarking Clusters of Workstations Through Parallel Sorting and BSP Libraries.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Benchmarking curriculum-based course timetabling: formulations, data formats, instances, validation, visualization, and results.	Luca Di Gaspero
Benchmarking des performances de systèmes multirobots. Application à l'exploration.	Luc Fabresse
Benchmarking of wildland fire colour segmentation algorithms.	Lucile Rossi
Benchmarking the immersed finite element method for fluid-structure interaction problems.	Luca Heltai
Benders Decomposition for a Location-Design Problem in Green Wireless Local Area Networks.	Luca Tavanti
Benders Decomposition, Branch-and-Cut, and Hybrid Algorithms for the Minimum Connected Dominating Set Problem.	Abilio Lucena
Benelearn: The First 10 Years.	Luc De Raedt
Bernstein-Bezoutian matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Bertrand Networks	Brendan Lucier
Best Lipschitz Constants of Solutions of Quadratic Programs.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Best Lipschitz constant of the trapezoidal approximation operator preserving the expected interval.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Best Match Procedures in Transition Phase Identification for Handgrip Test Analysis in Normal and Pathological Subjects.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Best Papers From Eumas 2003: The 1st European Workshop On Multi-Agent Systems.	Michael Luck
Best basis compressive sensing of guided waves in structural health monitoring.	Luca De Marchi
Best basis compressive sensing of guided waves in structural health monitoring.	Luca Flamigni
Best of SBAC-PAD 2012.	Lucas Mello Schnorr
Better GP benchmarks: community survey results and proposals.	Luca Manzoni
Better Pseudorandom Generators from Milder Pseudorandom Restrictions	Luca Trevisan
Better Safe than Sorry: A Study of Investigating Individuals' Protection of Privacy in the Use of Storage as a Cloud Computing Service.	Lucian L. Visinescu
Better pseudorandom generators from milder pseudorandom restrictions.	Luca Trevisan
Between Matilde and the Internet: Computerizing the University of Costa Rica (1968-1993).	Ana Lucia Calderon-Saravia
Between the lines: documenting the multiple dimensions of computer-supported collaborations.	Rosemary Luckin
Beyond Cross-Section: Spatio-Temporal Reliability Analysis.	Gabriel Luca Nazar
Beyond Equilibria: Mechanisms for Repeated Combinatorial Auctions	Brendan Lucier
Beyond GLMs: A Generative Mixture Modeling Approach to Neural System Identification.	Lucas Theis
Beyond Movie Recommendations: Solving the Continuous Cold Start Problem in E-commerceRecommendations.	Lucas Bernardi
Beyond Novelty Detection: Incongruent Events, When General and Specific Classifiers Disagree.	Luc J. Van Gool
Beyond Routines as Things: Introduction to the Special Issue on Routine Dynamics.	Luciana D'Adderio
Beyond SumBasic: Task-focused summarization with sentence simplification and lexical expansion.	Lucy Vanderwende
Beyond Web 2.0: mapping the technology landscapes of young learners.	Rose Luckin
Beyond isolation: research opportunities in declarative data-driven coordination.	Lucja Kot
Beyond pollution and taste: A tag-based strategy to increase download quality in P2P file sharing systems.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Beyond the Chalkboard: Computer Support for Collaboration and Problem Solving in Meetings.	Lucy A. Suchman
Beyond the Fourier Transform: Signal Symmetry Breaking in the Complex Plane.	Luca Perotti
Beyond the Tripartite Cognition-Emotion-Interoception Model of the Human Insular Cortex.	Lucina Q. Uddin
Beyond the Web: Mobile WAP-Based Management.	Luca Deri
Beyond the power law - a new approach to analyze city size distributions.	Lucien Benguigui
Beyond user experimentation: notational-based systematic evaluation of interaction techniques in virtual reality environments.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Bi-directional Distribution of eLearning Content for Cross-technology Learning Communities.	Ulrike Lucke
Bias-Compensated Least Squares Identification of Distributed Thermal Models for Many-Core Systems-on-Chip.	Luca Benini
Bias-corrected inference for multivariate nonparametric regression: Model selection and oracle property.	Maria Lucia Parrella
Biased Monte Carlo optimization: the basic approach.	Luca Campioni
Biased Positional Games for Which Random Strategies are Nearly Optimal.	Tomasz Luczak
Biased positional games and the phase transition.	Tomasz Luczak
Bibliometric law used for information retrieval.	Luc Quoniam
Bicentres de langages algébriques.	Luc Boasson
Biclique Cryptanalysis of the PRESENT and LED Lightweight Ciphers.	Stefan Lucks
Biconditional Binary Decision Diagrams: A Novel Canonical Logic Representation Form.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
Bienzymatic Biosensor for Rapid Detection of Aspartame by Flow Injection Analysis.	Gabriel Lucian Radu
Big data: the key to energy efficiency in smart buildings.	Luc Dufour
Big science, big data, and a big role for biomedical informatics.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Bilevel Programming: The Montreal School.	Luce Brotcorne
Bilevel approaches for learning of variational imaging models.	Luca Calatroni
Bilinear Discriminant Component Analysis.	Lucas C. Parra
Bilinear Entropy Expansion from the Decisional Linear Assumption.	Lucas Kowalczyk
Binary Image Compression via Monochromatic Pattern Substitution: Sequential and Parallel Implementations.	Luca Lombardi
Binary Morphisms to Ultimately Periodic Words	Brendan Lucier
Binary Sequences With Good Spectral Properties Obtained by Genetic Algorithms.	Luca Podestà
Binary and Grey-Value Skeletons: Metrics and Algorithms.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Binary decision making with very heterogeneous influence.	Andrew Lucas
Binocular Stereo from Grey-Scale Images.	Luc Florack
Bio-Inspired Imprecise Computational Blocks for Efficient VLSI Implementation of Soft-Computing Applications.	Caro Lucas
Bio-inspired grasp control in a robotic hand with massive sensorial input.	Luca Ascari
Bio-inspired relevant interaction modelling in cognitive crowd management.	Lucio Marcenaro
Bio-inspired routing protocol for mobile ad hoc networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Bio-inspired speed detection and discrimination	Lucas D. Terissi
BioAmbients: an abstraction for biological compartments.	Luca Cardelli
BioBlend.objects: metacomputing with Galaxy.	Luca Pireddu
BioBlend.objects: metacomputing with Galaxy.	Luca Lianas
BioCreative III interactive task: an overview.	Luca Toldo
BioMen: an information system to herbarium.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
BioSurfDB: knowledge and algorithms to support biosurfactants and biodegradation studies.	Lucymara F. Agnez-Lima
Bioinformatics tools for the analysis of NMR metabolomics studies focused on the identification of clinically relevant biomarkers.	Antonio Pineda-Lucena
Biological Image Restoration in Optical-Sectioning Microscopy Using Prototype Image Constraints.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Biological networks in metabolic P systems.	Luca Bianco
Biological sequence analysis through the one-dimensional percolation transform and its enhanced version.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Biological shape analysis by digital curvature.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Biological shape characterization for automatic image recognition and diagnosis of protozoan parasites of the genus Eimeria.	Luciano da F. Costa
Biomedical informatics: how we got here and where we are headed.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Biometric Liveness Detection: Challenges and Research Opportunities.	Gian Luca Foresti
Biometric system adaptation by self-update and graph-based techniques.	Gian Luca Marcialis
BiopSym: a simulator for enhanced learning of ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy	Lucile Vadcard
Biopsies prostatiques sous guidage échographique 3D et temps réel (4D) sur fantôme. Etude comparative versus guidage 2D	Jean-Luc Descotes
Biopsym : a learning environment for transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsies	Lucile Vadcard
Biowep: a workflow enactment portal for bioinformatics applications.	Luciano Milanesi
Bipartite Graphs Totally Decomposable by Canonical Decomposition.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Bipolar Resistive RAM Based on HfO2: Physics, Compact Modeling, and Variability Control.	Luca Larcher
Birrell's distributed reference listing revisited.	Luc Moreau
Bisecting sparse random graphs.	Malwina J. Luczak
Bisimilarity is not finitely based over BPA with interrupt.	Luca Aceto
Bisimulation and Hidden Algebra.	Dorel Lucanu
Bit and Power Allocation for Goodput Optimization in Coded Parallel Subchannels With ARQ.	Luc Vandendorpe
Bit rate comparison of adaptive OFDM and cyclic prefixed single-carrier with DFE.	Luc Vandendorpe
Bit reversal for the TMS32010 fast Fourier transform calculation.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Bit-Planes: Dense Subpixel Alignment of Binary Descriptors.	Simon Lucey
Bit-interleaved turbo equalization over static frequency-selective channels: constellation mapping impact.	Luc Vandendorpe
Bit-rate sensitivity of filter-bank-based VDSL transmission to timing errors.	Luc Vandendorpe
BitTorrent-like P2P approaches for VoD: A comparative study.	Lucia D'Acunto
Bitonal membrane systems: Interactions of biological membranes.	Luca Cardelli
Bits From Photons: Oversampled Image Acquisition Using Binary Poisson Statistics.	Luciano Sbaiz
Bivariate nonlinear prediction to quantify the strength of complex dynamical interactions in short-term cardiovascular variability.	Luca Faes
Blast sampling for structural and functional analyses.	Luc Moulinier
Blended Learning in Education of Faculty Members.	Lucie Rohlíková
Blending canal surfaces along given circles using Dupin cyclides.	Lucie Druoton
Blind Cartography for Side Channel Attacks: Cross-Correlation Cartography.	Jean-Luc Danger
Blind Component Separation in Wavelet Space: Application to CMB Analysis.	Jean-Luc Starck
Blind Cooperative Diversity Using Distributed Space-Time Coding in Block Fading Channels.	Luc Deneire
Blind Hyperspectral Unmixing Using an Extended Linear Mixing Model to Address Spectral Variability.	Lucas Drumetz
Blind Identification of Underdetermined Mixtures Based on the Characteristic Function: The Complex Case.	Xavier Luciani
Blind OFDM Receiver Based on Independent Component Analysis for Multiple-Input Multiple-Output Systems.	Luciano Sarperi
Blind Schemes for Asynchronous CDMA Systems on Dispersive MIMO Channels.	Luca Venturino
Blind Source Separation via Generalized Eigenvalue Decomposition.	Lucas C. Parra
Blind Speckle Decorrelation for SAR Image Despeckling.	Luciano Alparone
Blind adaptive MUD with silence listening.	Luca Simone Ronga
Blind and semi-blind maximum likelihood techniques for multiuser multichannel identification.	Luc Deneire
Blind carrier frequency offset estimation for noncircular constellation-based transmissions.	Luc Vandendorpe
Blind deconvolution for distributed parameter systems with unbounded input and output and determining blood alcohol concentration from transdermal biosensor data.	Susan E. Luczak
Blind multiantenna receivers for dispersive DS/CDMA channels with no channel-state information.	Luca Venturino
Blind symbol timing estimation for OFDM/OQAM systems.	Luciano Izzo
Blind user detection in doubly dispersive DS/CDMA fading channels.	Luca Venturino
Blind user detection in doubly-dispersive DS/CDMA channels	Luca Venturino
BlobSeer: How to Enable Efficient Versioning for Large Object Storage under Heavy Access Concurrency	Luc Bougé
BlobSeer: Next-generation data management for large scale infrastructures.	Luc Bougé
Block GMRES Method with Inexact Breakdowns and Deflated Restarting.	Luc Giraud
Block M-Matrices and Computation of Invariant Tori.	Luca Dieci
Block Preconditioned Conjugate Gradient Methods on a Distributed Virtual Shared Memory Multiprocessor.	Luc Giraud
Block Scheduling of Iterative Algorithms and Graph-Level Priority Scheduling in a Simulated Data-Flow Multiprocessor.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Block Transmissions over Doubly Selective Channels: Iterative Channel Estimation and Turbo Equalization.	Luca Rugini
Block error-correcting codes for systems with a very high BER: Theoretical analysis and application to the protection of watermarks.	Luc Vandendorpe
Blocking Underhand Attacks by Hidden Coalitions (Extended Version)	Luca Viganò 0001
Blood pressure waveform analysis by means of wavelet transform.	Luc Van Bortel
Blurring contact maps of thousands of proteins: what we can learn by reconstructing 3D structure.	Luciano Margara
Body Parts Dependent Joint Regressors for Human Pose Estimation in Still Images.	Luc J. Van Gool
Body patterns in cephalopods: "Polyphenism" as a way of information exchange.	Luciana Borrelli
Bond management and max-min optimal control.	Luca Luigi Ghezzi
Bond strain and defects at interfaces in high-k gate stacks.	Gerald Lucovsky
Bone Remodelling in BioShape.	Luca Tesei
Book Review: "Artificial Neural Network for Speech and Vision", by Richard J. Mammone.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Book Review: A guide to finding quality information on the Internet: selection and evaluation strategies.	Lucy A. Tedd
Book Review: Cecilia Friend and Jane B. Singer, Online Journalism Ethics: Traditions and Transitions. Armonk, NY. M.E. Sharpe, 2007. xi + 245 pp. ISBN 978-0-7656-1574-9, $28.95 (pbk).	Lucy Atkinson
Book Review: Christina Spurgeon, Advertising and New Media. New York: Routledge, 2008. x + 242 pp. ISBN 978 - 0 - 415 - 43034 - 0, $108.00 (hbk).	Lucian F. Dinu
Book Review: Jonathan Ginzburg, The Interactive Stance: Meaning in Conversation.	Luciana Benotti
Book Reviews.	Luca Spalazzi
Book review.	W. F. Lucas
Book review: After the internet: Alien intelligence, by James Martin.	Luca I. G. Toldo
Book reviews [2 Books Reviewed].	Lucjan Janowski
Book reviews.	Luciano F. Farina
Boolean surfaces with shape constraints.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Boosting CUDA Applications with CPU-GPU Hybrid Computing.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Boosting Higher-Order Correlation Attacks by Dimensionality Reduction.	Jean-Luc Danger
Boosting fuzzy rules in classification problems under single-winner inference.	Luciano Sánchez
Boosting of Fuzzy Rules with Low Quality Data.	Luciano Sánchez
Bootstrap analysis of multiple repetitions of experiments using an interval-valued multiple comparison procedure.	Luciano Sánchez
Bootstrap inference in local polynomial regression of time series.	Maria Lucia Parrella
Bootstrapping reflective systems: The case of Pharo.	Luc Fabresse
Borel-amenable reducibilities for sets of reals.	Luca Motto Ros
Bottom-Up Tree Pushdown Automata: Classification and Connection with Rewrite Systems.	Jean-Luc Coquidé
Boundary Controllability and Observability of a Viscoelastic String.	Luciano Pandolfi
Boundary control method and coefficient identification in the presence of boundary dissipation.	Luciano Pandolfi
Boundary observers for linear and quasi-linear hyperbolic systems with application to flow control.	Luc Dugard
Bounded Estimation in the Presence of Nuisance Parameters.	Luca Greco 0005
Bounded Max-Colorings of Graphs	Giorgio Lucarelli
Bounded Model Checking for Probabilistic Programs.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Bounded Model Checking of C++ Programs Based on the Qt Framework (extended version).	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Bounded Model Checking of Multi-threaded Software using SMT solvers	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Bounded max-colorings of graphs.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Bounded model checking for fixed-point digital filters.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Bounded-Distance Network Creation Games	Luciano Gualà
Bounded-Distance Network Creation Games.	Luciano Gualà
Bounding hermite matrix polynomials.	Lucas Jódar
Bounding set calculation for neural network-based output feedback adaptive control systems.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Bounding the inefficiency of outcomes in generalized second price auctions.	Brendan Lucier
Bounds and Performance Networks of Reuse Partitioning in Cellular.	Dario Lucatti
Bounds on the Capacity of the Relay Channel With Noncausal State at the Source.	Luc Vandendorpe
Bounds on the Capacity of the Relay Channel with Noncausal State Information at Source	Luc Vandendorpe
Bounds on the Capacity of the Relay Channel with Noncausal State at Source	Luc Vandendorpe
Bounds on the Capacity of the Relay Channel with States at the Source	Luc Vandendorpe
Bounds on the Capacity of the Unidirectional Channels.	Luca G. Tallini
Bounds on the Efficiency of Generic Cryptographic Constructions.	Luca Trevisan
Bounds on the deviation of discrete-time Markov chains from their mean-field model.	Luca Bortolussi
BowTieBuilder: modeling signal transduction pathways.	Lucía Spangenberg
Boys are like Girls: Insights in the Gender Digital Divide in Higher Education in Switzerland and Europe.	Luca Botturi
Bradford distribution of data elements.	Luciana Marulli
Brain Oscillations during Spoken Sentence Processing.	Lucia Melloni
Brain Tumor Database, a free relational database for collection and analysis of brain tumor patient information.	Lucio Castellan
Brain activity and prosocial behavior in a simulated life-threatening situation.	Luca Chittaro
Brain activity modulation during the production of imperative and declarative pointing.	Gian Luca Romani
Brain anatomical substrates of mirror movements in Kallmann syndrome.	Luca Weis
Brain connectivity workshop, Cambridge UK, may 2003.	Lucy Lee
Brain correlates of phonological recoding of visual symbols.	Jean-Luc Anton
Brain correlates of phonological recoding of visual symbols.	Jean-Luc Velay
Brain emotional learning based intelligent controller applied to neurofuzzy model of micro-heat exchanger.	Caro Lucas
Brain morphometry reproducibility in multi-center 3 T MRI studies: A comparison of cross-sectional and longitudinal segmentations.	Luca Roccatagliata
Brain-Inspired Concept Networks: Learning Concepts from Cluttered Scenes.	Matthew D. Luciw
Brain-Like Emergent Spatial Processing.	Matthew D. Luciw
Brain-Like Emergent Temporal Processing: Emergent Open States.	Matthew D. Luciw
Branch&Rank for Efficient Object Detection.	Luc J. Van Gool
Branch-and-cut and Branch-and-cut-and-price algorithms for the adjacent only quadratic minimum spanning tree problem.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
Branch-and-cut-and-price algorithms for the Degree Constrained Minimum Spanning Tree Problem.	Abilio Lucena
Branching Processes in the Analysis of the Heights of Trees.	Luc Devroye
Brazilian bibliometric coauthorship networks.	Luciano Antonio Digiampietri
Brazilian scientific production in areas of biological sciences: a comparative study on the modalities of full doctorate in Brazil or abroad.	Luciana Calabró
Breakdown analysis.	Luciano Gamberini
Breakdown and reliability of p-MOS devices with stacked RPECVD oxide/nitride gate dielectric under constant voltage stress.	Gerald Lucovsky
Breaking and fixing the Android Launching Flow.	Luca Verderame
Bridging Cooperative Sensing and Route Planning of Autonomous Vehicles.	Daniel E. Lucani
Bridging the gap between RFID/EPC concepts, technological requirements and supply chain e-business processes.	Luc Cassivi
Bridging the gap between clinicians and health managers.	Luc Delesie
Bridging the gap in connectomic studies: A particle filtering framework for estimating structural connectivity at network scale.	Luca Berdondini
Brief communication: pSCANNER: patient-centered Scalable National Network for Effectiveness Research.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Brightness and Darkness as Perceptual Dimensions.	Marcel P. Lucassen
Brigitte (Gitti) Jordan: in memoriam.	Lucy A. Suchman
Bringing NoCs to 65 nm.	Luca Benini
Bringing introspection into BlobSeer: Towards a self-adaptive distributed data management system.	Luc Bougé
Broadband Internet Access via Multi-Hop Wireless Mesh Networks: Design, Protocol and Experiments.	Luca Leschiutta
Broadcasting in Time-Division Duplexing: A Random Linear Network Coding Approach	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Browsing and searching in hypertext systems.	Dario Lucarella
Brush your trees!	Lucia Draque Penso
Bubblesort, stacksort and their duals.	Luca S. Ferrari
Builders with a conscience - Invited Commentary on the paper Architects or builders; scaffolding or duck tape?	Luca Galli
Building Academic Skills and Information Competency through Learning Communities.	Lucy Dodge
Building Computer Network Attacks	Luciano Notarfrancesco
Building Internet of Things software with ELIoT.	Luca Mottola
Building Software for the Internet of Things.	Luciano Baresi
Building Software for the Internet of Things.	Luca Mottola
Building Systems of Aerial Drones.	Luca Mottola
Building a Thematic Spatial Data Infrastructure and Situation-Aware for Global Events.	Lucas F. M. Vegi
Building a constraint-based spatial database system: model, languages, and implementation.	Luc Segoufin
Building a three-dimensional model of the upper gastrointestinal tract for computer simulations of swallowing.	Lucely Mata
Building a web-scale image similarity search system.	Claudio Lucchese
Building accurate radio environment maps from multi-fidelity spectrum sensing data.	Luc Martens
Building and Measuring Privacy-Preserving Predictive Blacklists.	Luca Melis
Building and Using a Highly Parallel Programmable Logic Array.	Sara Lucas
Building blocks for designing arbitrarily smooth subdivision schemes with conic precision.	Lucia Romani
Building collective memories on the web: the Nostalgia Bits project.	Luca Morganti
Building competitive skills in small and medium-sized enterprises through innovation management techniques: overview of an Italian experience.	Luciana Libutti
Building computational institutions for agents with RoleX.	Luca Ferrari
Building effective mutual exclusion services for grids.	Luciana Arantes
Building high-resolution sky images using the Cell/B.E.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Building look & feel concept models from color combinations - With applications in image classification, retrieval, and color transfer.	Luca Marchesotti
Building protein diagrams on the web with the residue-based diagram editor RbDe.	Lucy Skrabanek
Building systems that change clinical practice and advance health sciences research.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Building uniformly random subtrees.	Malwina J. Luczak
Bulk modulus and volume variation measurement of the liver and the kidneys in vivo using abdominal kinetics during free breathing.	Luc Soler
Burst Format Design for Optimum Joint Estimation of Doppler-Shift and Doppler-Rate in Packet Satellite Communications.	Luca Giugno
Bus Travel Time Predictions Using Additive Models.	Luciano Barbosa
Business Intelligence Tools for Radiology: Creating a Prototype Model Using Open-Source Tools.	Luciano M. Prevedello
Business Process Design Meets Business Practices Through Enterprise Patterns: A Case Study.	Luca Mainetti
Business process reengineering and workflow automation: a technology transfer experience.	Andrea De Lucia
Buying Beauty: On Prices and Returns in the Art Market.	Luc Renneboog
BμG@Sbase - a microbial gene expression and comparative genomic database.	Lucy A. Brooks
C-FLAT: Control-FLow ATtestation for Embedded Systems Software.	Lucas Davi
C1 continuities detection in triangular meshes.	Luca Di Angelo
C1 interpolation by rational biarcs with rational rotation minimizing directed frames.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
C1 rational interpolation of spherical motions with rational rotation-minimizing directed frames.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
C2 interpolation of spatial data subject to arc-length constraints using Pythagorean-hodograph quintic splines.	Luc Biard
CA-CDMA: channel-adapted CDMA for MAI/ISI-free burst transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
CAD off-line programming for industrial machine vision.	Yves Lucas
CADNA_C: A version of CADNA for use with C or C++ programs.	Jean Luc Lamotte
CAGE: Software for a Critical Analysis of 2H Spin-Lattice Relaxation in Liquid Crystals.	Lucia Calucci
CAPLET: A Highly Parallelized Field Solver for Capacitance Extraction Using Instantiable Basis Functions.	Luca Daniel
CARPET: a web-based package for the analysis of ChIP-chip and expression tiling data.	Lucilla Luzi
CAS-Mine: providing personalized services in context-aware applications by means of generalized rules.	Luca Cagliero
CASSANDRA: a probabilistic, efficient, and privacy-preserving solution to compute set intersection.	Luciana Marconi
CAT constructions with multiple unique restriction sites for the functional analysis of eukaryotic promoters and regulatory elements.	B. Luckow
CAVEStudy: An Infrastructure for Computational Steering and Measuring in Virtual Reality Environments.	Luc Renambot
CCS with Hennessy's merge has no finite-equational axiomatization.	Luca Aceto
CDIT-Based Constrained Resource Allocation for Mobile WiMAX Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
CELP coding at variable rate.	Luca Cellario
CFD modeling of catalytic reactions in open-cell foam substrates.	F. Lucci
CFD modelling of thermal distribution in industrial server centres for configuration optimisation and energy efficiency.	Pierre-Luc Paradis
CG2AA: backmapping protein coarse-grained structures.	Luciana Capece
CGDSNPdb: a database resource for error-checked and imputed mouse SNPs.	Lucie N. Hutchins
CHIS: Cultural Heritage Information System.	Luca Greco 0001
CIGI2011: A heuristic method for resource-constrained project scheduling with activity overlapping.	Lucas Grèze
CIRCA-GPUs: Increasing Instruction Reuse Through Inexact Computing in GP-GPUs.	Luca Benini
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight [Publication Spotlight].	Simon Lucas
CIS Publication Spotlight.	Simon Lucas
CMOS balanced regenerative frequency dividers for wide-band quadrature LO generation.	Luca Larcher
CMOS multiplier based on the relationship between drain current and inversion charge.	Luciano A. de Lacerda
COFFE: Ciphertext Output Feedback Faithful Encryption.	Stefan Lucks
COFFEE: an Optimizing Compiler for Finite Element Local Assembly.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
COLOMBOS v2.0: an ever expanding collection of bacterial expression compendia.	Luca Bianco
COLOMBOS v3.0: leveraging gene expression compendia for cross-species analyses.	Luca Bianco
CONFAC Decomposition Approach to Blind Identification of Underdetermined Mixtures Based on Generating Function Derivatives.	Xavier Luciani
CONSTAnT - A Conceptual Data Model for Semantic Trajectories of Moving Objects.	Fernando de Lucca Siqueira
COSI: A Framework for the Design of Interconnection Networks.	Luca P. Carloni
COSMO ("Communicating about Objects using Sensory-Motor Operations"): A Bayesian modeling framework for studying speech communication and the emergence of phonological systems.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
COTS technologies for telemedicine applications.	Luca Lianas
CPO Models for Compact GSOS Languages.	Luca Aceto
CPT Cesium-Cell Atomic Clock Operation With a 12-mW Frequency Synthesizer ASIC.	Luc Schneller
CRAACK: Consensus Program for NMR Amino Acid Type Assignment.	Jean-Luc Pons
CRDA: a collision resolution and dynamic allocation MAC protocol to integrate data and voice in wireless networks.	Luciano Lenzini
CRLB and ML for parametric estimate: New results.	Luca Timmoneri
CRMA MAC protocol: A simulative analysis.	Luciano Lenzini
CROSS cyclic resource-constrained scheduling solver.	Luca Benini
CS concept cartoon.	Stef Lucas
CSER and eMERGE: current and potential state of the display of genetic information in the electronic health record.	Lucia A. Hindorff
CSL model checking algorithms for QBDs.	Lucia Cloth
CSL-lean: A Theorem-prover for the Logic of Comparative Concept Similarity.	Gian Luca Pozzato
CSMA: Context-Based, Service-Oriented Modeling and Analysis Method for Modern Enterprise Applications.	Lucien Vincent
CUDA accelerated molecular surface generation.	Luciano Milanesi
CUDA-quicksort: an improved GPU-based implementation of quicksort.	Luciano Milanesi
CUHK & ETHZ & SIAT Submission to ActivityNet Challenge 2016.	Luc Van Gool
CUSTOM-SEQ: a prototype for oncology rapid learning in a comprehensive EHR environment.	Lucy Wang
CYCLONET - an integrated database on cell cycle regulation and carcinogenesis.	Luciano Milanesi
CaRINA Intelligent Robotic Car: Architectural design and applications.	Kalinka Regina Lucas Jaquie Castelo Branco
Cache coherence tradeoffs in shared-memory MPSoCs.	Luca Benini
Calculating landscape diversity with information-theory based indices: A GRASS GIS solution.	Lucio Davide Spano
Calculating landscape diversity with information-theory based indices: A GRASS GIS solution.	Luca Delucchi
Calculation of Generalized Polynomial-Chaos Basis Functions and Gauss Quadrature Rules in Hierarchical Uncertainty Quantification.	Luca Daniel
Calculation of Generalized Polynomial-Chaos Basis Functions and Gauss Quadrature Rules in Hierarchical Uncertainty Quantification.	Luca Daniel
Calculations of distance distributions and probabilities of binding by ligands between parallel plane membranes comprising receptors.	Luc Devroye
Calibrating predictive model estimates to support personalized medicine.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Call admission control in cellular networks: a reinforcement learning solution.	André-Luc Beylot
Call for Papers - Special Issue on Routine Dynamics: Exploring Sources of Stability and Change in Organizations Submission Deadline: September 1, 2013.	Luciana D'Adderio
Call-by-value Solvability.	Luca Paolini
Camera Calibration without Feature Extraction.	Luc Robert
Camera Selection for Adaptive Human-Computer Interface.	Gian Luca Foresti
Camera based target recognition for maritime awareness.	Luca Iocchi
Camera identification with deep convolutional networks.	Luca Baroffio
Camera identification with deep convolutional networks.	Luca Bondi
Can ISO 9001 improve service recovery?	Luc Honore Petnji Yaya
Can Information Systems facilitate the integration of New Public Management and Public Governance? Evidence from an Italian public organization.	Luca Gnan
Can The Nintendo Wii(tm) Sports Game System Be Effectively Utilized In The Nursing Home Environment: A Feasibility Study?	Patricia Lucas
Can Two Consecutive Numbers Both Be Perfect?: 10711.	Florian Luca
Can We Protect How We Do What We Do? A Consideration of Business Method Patents in Australia and Europe.	Lucy Cradduck
Can a Service Robot Which Supports Independent Living of Older People Disobey a Command? The Views of Older People, Informal Carers and Professional Caregivers on the Acceptability of Robots.	Luc P. de Witte
Can co-activation reduce kinematic variability? A simulation study.	Luc P. J. Selen
Can integration difficulties affect innovation and satisfaction?	Luc Honore Petnji Yaya
Can machine learning explain human learning?	Luca Oneto
Can models of agents be transferred between different areas?	Michael Luck
Can quantum computers be useful when there are not yet enough qubits?	Luc Longpré
Can self-organisation emerge through dynamic neural fields computation?	Lucian Alecu
Can social microblogging be used to forecast intraday exchange rates?	Lucia Russo
Can structural MRI aid in clinical classification? A machine learning study in two independent samples of patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and healthy subjects.	Lucija Abramovic
Can the Problematic Internet Use evolve in a pre-psychotic state? A single case study with the Wartegg.	Lucia Della Villa
Can we predict habitat quality from space? A multi-indicator assessment based on an automated knowledge-driven system.	Richard M. Lucas
Canard solutions and travelling waves in the spruce budworm population model.	Lucie Purmová
Candidate Keys for Relations.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
Candidate Paths for Impairment-Aware PCE in 10-100 Gb/s Optical Networks.	Luca Potì
Canonical Coordinates for Retino-Cortical Magnification.	Luc Florack
Canonical Polyadic Decomposition with a Columnwise Orthonormal Factor Matrix.	Luc Deneire
Canonical ordering for triangulations on the cylinder, with applications to periodic straight-line drawings	Luca Castelli Aleardi
Canonical- systematic form for codes in hierarchical poset metrics.	Luciano Vianna Felix
Capacitance DNA bio-chips improved by new probe immobilization strategies.	Luca Benini
Capacitive Degeneration in LC-Tank Oscillator for DCO Fine-Frequency Tuning.	Luca Fanori
Capacity Scaling Laws for Underwater Networks	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Capacity Scaling Laws for Underwater Networks.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Capacity and Character Expansions: Moment generating function and other exact results for MIMO correlated channels	Luca Marinelli
Capacity and Character Expansions: Moment-Generating Function and Other Exact Results for MIMO Correlated Channels.	Luca Marinelli
Caps and Colouring Steiner Triple Systems.	Lucien Haddad
Capturing Behaviour for the Use of Avatars in Virtual Environments.	Lucy Yang
Capturing Hands in Action Using Discriminative Salient Points and Physics Simulation.	Luca Ballan
Capturing Hands in Action using Discriminative Salient Points and Physics Simulation.	Luca Ballan
Capturing the sensitivity of optical network quality metrics to its network interface parameters.	Luca Ramini
Cardio-vascular safety beyond hERG: in silico modelling of a guinea pig right atrium assay.	Luca A. Fenu
Cardiovascular magnetic resonance assessment of the aortic valve stenosis: an in vivo and ex vivo study.	Andreas Luchner
Careers in informatics: a diversity of options with an abundance of jobs.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Carmichael numbers in the sequence (2n k+1)n≥1.	Florian Luca
Cartographies interactives. Graphes, diagrammes et arborescences pour l'accès aux vidéothèques numériques.	Marie-Luce Viaud
Cascade: A Simple and Efficient Algorithm for Priority Queues	Martin Luckow
Cascaded online boosting.	Gian Luca Foresti
Cascades in interdependent flow networks.	Pier Giorgio De Sanctis Lucentini
Cascading SLB and SLC devices.	Luca Timmoneri
Case Report: Developing Regulatory-compliant Electronic Case Report Forms for Clinical Trials: Experience with The Demand Trial.	Luca Antiga
Case Studies Using Linear Matrix Inequalities for Optimal Anti-Windup Synthesis.	Luca Zaccarian
Case Study: Efficiency of Blended Learning in SMART Board Training for Teachers.	Lucie Rohlíková
Case studies of performance evaluation of cryptographic algorithms for an embedded system and a general purpose computer.	Kalinka Regina Lucas Jaquie Castelo Branco
Case studies on collaboration, technology and performance factors in business networks.	António Lucas Soares
Case-Based Design Support: A Case Study in Architectural Design	Lucas Sentosa
Castor: Designing and experimenting a context-aware architecture for creating stories outdoors.	Luca Bertani
Catalan and Apéry numbers in residue classes.	Florian Luca
Catalog-Based Representation of 2D Triangulations.	Luca Castelli Aleardi
Categorification and Group Extensions.	Lucian M. Ionescu
Categorization-driven cross-language retrieval of medical information.	Luciano R. S. de Lima
Category of Tense and Verb Semantics in the English Language.	Mykola Lucak
Catena: A Memory-Consuming Password Scrambler.	Stefan Lucks
CauloBrowser: A systems biology resource for Caulobacter crescentus.	Lucy Shapiro
Causal Perception in Virtual Reality and its Implications for Presence Factors.	Jean-Luc Lugrin
Causal cross-spectral analysis of heart rate and blood pressure variability for describing the impairment of the cardiovascular control in neurally mediated syncope.	Luca Faes
Causal models for debugging and control in cloud computing.	Lucian Carata
Causal transfer function analysis to describe closed loop interactions between cardiovascular and cardiorespiratory variability signals.	Luca Faes
Cell Based Associations: A procedure for considering scarce and mixed mineral occurrences in predictive mapping.	Luc Barbanson
Cell wilting and blossoming for energy efficiency.	Luca Chiaraviglio
CellClassifier: supervised learning of cellular phenotypes.	Lucas Pelkmans
Cellular Nonlinear Networks for the emergence of perceptual states: Application to robot navigation control.	Luca Patané
Cellular Tree Classifiers	Luc Devroye
Centralized radio access networks over wavelength-division multiplexing: a plug-and-play implementation.	Luca Giorgi
Cerebral Aneurysms Database, a New Free Database for Intracranial Aneurysms.	Lucio Castellan
Cerebral Aneurysms Database, a New Free Database for Intracranial Aneurysms.	Luca Roccatagliata
Certain Principles of Biomorphic Robots.	Lucia S. Simo
Certainty-factor-like structures in Bayesian belief networks.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Certified solving of the forward kinematics problem with an exact algebraic method for the general parallel manipulator.	Luc Rolland
Certifying Uncertainty: Assessing the Proposed Directive on the Patentability of Computer Implemented Inventions.	Luca Egitto
Chain Rotations: a New Look at Tree Distance	Fabrizio Luccio
Chain graph models: topological sorting of meta-arrows and efficient construction of B-essential graphs.	Luca La Rocca
Chain rotations: A new look at tree distance.	Fabrizio Luccio
Challenges and opportunities in harnessing satellite remote-sensing for biodiversity monitoring.	Richard M. Lucas
Challenges in Bridging Social Semantics and Formal Semantics on the Web.	Fabien Lucien Gandon
Challenges in Representation Learning: A report on three machine learning contests.	Pierre Luc Carrier
Challenges in representation learning: A report on three machine learning contests.	Pierre Luc Carrier
Challenging SMT solvers to verify neural networks.	Luca Pulina
Change of Leadership in a Random Graph Process.	Tomasz Luczak
Change point estimation in multi-subject fMRI studies.	Lucy F. Robinson
ChangeLedge: Change design and planning in networked systems based on reuse of knowledge and automation.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Changement climatique et toponymie. étude de la répartition ancienne du hêtre à travers ses traces toponymiques.	Jean-Luc Dupouey
Changing attitudes towards the generation of architectural models.	Márcia Lucena
Channel Metrization.	Rafael Gregorio Lucas D'Oliveira
Channel acquisition and tracking for MC-CDMA uplink transmissions.	Luca Sanguinetti
Channel and Delay Estimation Algorithm for Asynchronous Cooperative Diversity.	Luc Deneire
Channel estimation and tracking for MC-CDMA signals.	Luca Sanguinetti
Channel estimation for MC-CDMA uplink transmissions with combined equalization.	Luca Sanguinetti
Channel routing for strictly multiterminal nets.	Fabrizio Luccio
Channelpedia: An Integrative and Interactive Database for Ion Channels.	Luca Gambazzi
Chaos and Neural Network Learning. Some Observations.	Luc Neuberg
Chaos in the one-dimensional wave equation.	Lucas Jódar
Chaotic Subshifts and Related Languages Applications to one-dimensional Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Chaotic communication improves authentication: protecting WSNs against injection attacks.	Luc Cappellaro
Characterisation and Optimisation of the Power consumption in Wireless Access Networks by Taking Daily Traffic Variations Into Account.	Luc Martens
Characterisations of balanced words via orderings.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Characteristic Formulae: From Automata to Logic.	Luca Aceto
Characteristic formulae for fixed-point semantics: a general framework.	Luca Aceto
Characteristic formulae for timed automata.	Luca Aceto
Characteristic morphisms of generalized episturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
Characteristic morphisms of generalized episturmian words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Characterization Results for the Poset Based Representation of Topological Relations - I: Introduction and Models.	Luca Forlizzi
Characterization Results for the Poset Based Representation of Topological Relations - II: Intersection and Union.	Luca Forlizzi
Characterization and Implementation of Fault-Tolerant Vertical Links for 3-D Networks-on-Chip.	Luca Benini
Characterization and pattern recognition of color images of dermatological ulcers - a pilot study.	Lucas Calabrez Pereyra
Characterization of Black Spot Zones for Vulnerable Road Users in São Paulo (Brazil) and Rome (Italy).	Luca Persia
Characterization of Coverage and Indoor Penetration Loss of DVB-H Signal of Indoor Gap Filler in UHF Band.	Luc Martens
Characterization of DEM particles by means of artificial neural networks and macroscopic experiments.	Luca Benvenuti
Characterization of Depressive States in Bipolar Patients Using Wearable Textile Technology and Instantaneous Heart Rate Variability Assessment.	Luca Citi
Characterization of Dynamic Interactions Between Cardiovascular Signals by Time-Frequency Coherence.	Luca T. Mainardi
Characterization of On-Body Communication Channel and Energy Efficient Topology Design for Wireless Body Area Networks.	Luc Martens
Characterization of path loss and absorption for a wireless radio frequency link between an in-body endoscopy capsule and a receiver outside the body.	Luc Martens
Characterization of some aggregation functions stable for positive linear transformations.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Characterization of temporal fading in urban fixed wireless links.	Luciano Ahumada
Characterization of the Performance of Memetic Algorithms for the Automation of Bone Tracking With Fluoroscopy.	Luca Tersi
Characterization of the ordered weighted averaging operators.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Characterization of the thermal conductivity of insulating thin films by scanning thermal microscopy.	Luc Frechette
Characterizations of discrete Sugeno integrals as polynomial functions over distributive lattices.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Characterizing SPDY over High Latency Satellite Channels.	Luca Caviglione
Characterizing acyclic graphs by labeling edges.	Abilio Lucena
Characterizing and Finding the Pareto Optimal Equitable Allocation of Homogeneous Divisible Goods Among Three Players.	Lucia Milone
Characterizing and Finding the Pareto Optimal Equitable Allocation of Homogeneous Divisible Goods Among Three Players.	Camilla Di Luca
Characterizing the Input-Output Function of the Olfactory-Limbic Pathway in the Guinea Pig.	Gian Luca Breschi
Charge Pump Architectures Based on Dynamic Gate Control of the Pass-Transistors.	Luca Mensi
Charge as a Selection Criterion for Translocation through the Nuclear Pore Complex.	Lucy J. Colwell
Charge on tableaux and the poset of k-shapes.	Luc Lapointe
Charge-Mode Defuzzifiers using Multiple Input Floating-Gate Transistors.	A. de Luca
Charging schemes for reservation-based networks.	Luca Delgrossi
Chasing robbers on random graphs: Zigzag theorem.	Tomasz Luczak
Chatty Maps: Constructing sound maps of urban areas from social media data.	Luca Maria Aiello
Chebyshev rational interpolation.	Luca Gemignani
Checking Monotonicity is NP-Hard Even for Cubic Polynomials.	Luc Longpré
Checking noise correlations for safer two-way quantum key distribution.	Marco Lucamarini
Checking secure information flow in Java bytecode by code transformation and standard bytecode verification.	Luca Martini
Checking the Quality of Clinical Guidelines using Automated Reasoning Tools	Peter J. F. Lucas
Checking the quality of clinical guidelines using automated reasoning tools.	Peter J. F. Lucas
ChemCalc: A Building Block for Tomorrow's Chemical Infrastructure.	Luc Patiny
Chemical and physical limits on the performance of metal silicate high-k gate dielectrics.	Gerald Lucovsky
Chemical information from the source function.	Luca Bertini
Chemical reactivity predictions: Use of data mining techniques for analyzing regioselective azidolysis of epoxides.	Lucilla Favero
ChemicalToolBoX and its application on the study of the drug like and purchasable space.	Xavier Lucas
Cheshire II: Designing a Next-Generation Online Catalog.	Lucy Kuntz
Chester: Towards a personal medication advisor.	Lucian Galescu
Child Development and Genre Preference: Research for Educational Game Design.	Kristen Lucas
Child development and the use of technology - Edited by Sally Blake.	Lucy R. Betts
Children with Poor Reading Skills at the Word Level Show Reduced Fractional Anisotropy in White Matter Tracts of Both Hemispheres.	Luciana Monteiro Moura
Children's interactions with interactive toy technology.	Rosemary Luckin
ChirCor: A new tool for generating synthetic chirp-sonar seismograms.	Luca Gasperini
ChoiceRank: Identifying Preferences from Node Traffic in Networks.	Lucas Maystre
Choosing a Physical Model: Why Symmetries?	Luc Longpré
Choosing and sharing.	Jérémy Laurent-Lucchetti
Choosing blindly but wisely: differentially private solicitation of DNA datasets for disease marker discovery.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Choosing good distance metrics and local planners for probabilistic roadmap methods.	Lucia K. Dale
Choquet-based optimisation in multiobjective shortest path and spanning tree problems.	Lucie Galand
Christoffel Words and the Calkin-Wilf Tree.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Chromosome aberrations produced by ionizing radiation: Monte Carlo simulations and chromosome painting data.	J. N. Lucas
Circle-Based Criteria for Performance Evaluation of Controlled DC-DC Switching Converters.	Luca Sani
Circular arc extraction by direct clustering in a 3D Hough parameter space.	Gian Luca Foresti
Circular arrays of magnetic sensors for current measurement.	Luca di Rienzo
Citation measures at the micro level: Influence of publication age, field, and uncitedness.	Lucy Amez
Citizen Science: Contributions to Astronomy Research	Lucy Fortson
Clamp-and-Forget: A self-sustainable non-invasive wireless sensor node for smart metering applications.	Luca Benini
Clarifications on the "Comparison Between SMOS, VUA, ASCAT, and ECMWF Soil Moisture Products Over Four Watersheds in U.S.".	Luca Brocca
Clasificación y selección de características mediante algoritmos GA-P.	Luciano Sánchez
Class prediction and gene selection for DNA microarrays using regularized sliced inverse regression.	Luca Scrucca
Class-D CMOS Oscillators.	Luca Fanori
Class-Entropy Minimisation Networks for Domain Analysis and Rule Extraction.	Gian Luca Speroni
Classical Sequences Revisited with Permutations Avoiding Dotted Pattern.	Jean-Luc Baril
Classical optical corpuscular theory of semiconductor laser intensity squeezed-light generator.	Jean-Luc Vey
Classification Based on Cortical Folding Patterns.	Jean-Luc Martinot
Classification Tree for Risk Assessment in Patients Suffering From Congestive Heart Failure via Long-Term Heart Rate Variability.	Nicola De Luca
Classification and Regression Trees-Studies of HIV Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors.	Lucien M. H. Koymans
Classification of Endomicroscopic Images of the Lung Based on Random Subwindows and Extra-Trees.	Luc Thiberville
Classification of High-Order Boolean Masking Schemes and Improvements of their Efficiency.	Jean-Luc Danger
Classification of Niederreiter-Rosenbloom-Tsfasman block codes.	Luciano Panek
Classification of gene expression data using fuzzy logic.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Classification of infrastructure networks by neighborhood degree distribution.	Luca Ridolfi
Classification of lexical stress using spectral and prosodic features for computer-assisted language learning systems.	Luciana Ferrer
Classification of the CAESAR Candidates.	Stefan Lucks
Classification-Based Motion Estimation for Video Coding.	Luc Van Eycken
Classifying CT Image Data Into Material Fractions by a Scale and Rotation Invariant Edge Model.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Classifying Privacy and Verifiability Requirements for Electronic Voting.	Lucie Langer
Classifying carpets based on laser scanner data.	Luc Boullart
Classifying cinematographic shot types.	Luca Canini
Classifying informative and imaginative prose using complex networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Classroom e-Science: Exposing the Work to Make it Work.	Rosemary Luckin
Claudio Ciborra's way of being: authenticity and the world of information systems.	Lucas D. Introna
Clausal Discovery.	Luc De Raedt
Clausal Discovery.	Luc Dehaspe
Claw-free 3-connected P11-free graphs are hamiltonian.	Tomasz Luczak
Clearing Markets via Bundles.	Brendan Lucier
CliFin: A Web-Based Geographical Information System for Time Dependant Point of Care Localization in New Brunswick, Canada.	Luc Belliveau
Click2Vote - Systematische Integration heterogener Clicker-Lösungen.	Ulrike Lucke
Clinical Trial Application in Europe: What Will Change with the New Regulation?	Lucia Ruggieri
Clinical application of SPHARM-PDM to quantify temporomandibular joint osteoarthritis.	Lucia H. S. Cevidanes
Clinical machine learning.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Clipping Distortion Performance of Nonsquare -QAM OFDM Systems on Nonlinear Time-Variant Channels.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Clique of Functional Hubs Orchestrates Population Bursts in Developmentally Regulated Neural Networks.	Stefano Luccioli
Clock Skew Optimization for Peak Current Reduction.	Luca Benini
Clock and Synchronization Networks for a 3 GHz 64 Bit ARMv8 8-Core SoC.	Luca Ravezzi
Clock-aided carrier recovery in trellis-coded PSK.	Luca Testa
Cloning and tampering threats in e-Passports.	Luca Calderoni
Closed Free-Form Surface Geometrical Modeling A New Approach With Global And Local Characterization.	Jean-Luc Mari
Closed Sets in Occurrence Nets with Conflicts.	Luca Bernardinello
Closed Sets in Occurrence Nets with Conflicts.	Lucia Pomello
Closed form numerical solutions of variable coefficient linear second-order elliptic problems.	Lucas Jódar
Closed-Loop Planar Motion Control of a Steerable Probe With a "Programmable Bevel" Inspired by Nature.	Luca Frasson
Closed-form analytic solutions for dilogarithmic double integrals.	Lucas Jódar
Closed-form dynamic model of planar multilink lightweight robots.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Closed-form evaluation of the second-order statistical distribution of the interferometric phases in dual-Baseline SAR systems.	Mario Lucido
Closed-loop fluid flow control using a low dimensional model.	Luc Pastur
Closure Operators and Lattices Derived from Concurrency in Posets and Occurrence Nets.	Luca Bernardinello
Closure Operators and Lattices Derived from Concurrency in Posets and Occurrence Nets.	Lucia Pomello
Cloud Based Mobile Network Sharing: A New Model.	Lucian Suciu
Cloud Computing for Earth Surface Deformation Analysis via Spaceborne Radar Imaging: A Case Study.	Claudio De Luca
Cloud-Aided Design for Distributed Embedded Systems.	Luca P. Carloni
CloudNet: Dynamic Pooling of Cloud Resources by Live WAN Migration of Virtual Machines.	Lucas Chaufournier
Cluster Computing and Grid 2005 Works in Progress.	Luc Moreau
Cluster analysis of weighted bipartite networks: a new copula-based approach.	Luca Trapin
Cluster computing with Java.	Luc Bougé
Cluster-grouping: from subgroup discovery to clustering.	Luc De Raedt
Clustering analysis of microarray gene expression data by splitting algorithm.	Lucas Scharenbroich
Clustering multidisciplinary chemical papers to provide new tools for research management and trends. Application to coal and organic matter oxidation.	Luc Quoniam
Clustering of syntactic and discursive information for the dynamic adaptation of Language Models.	Juan Manuel Lucas-Cuesta
Co-Minkowski spaces, their reflection structure and K-loops.	Luca Giuzzi
Co-change Clusters: Extraction and Application on Assessing Software Modularity.	Luciana Lourdes Silva
Co-channel interference cancellation based on MIMO OFDM systems.	Luca Giangaspero
Co-clustering: A Versatile Tool for Data Analysis in Biomedical Informatics.	Luca Benini
Co-expressed gene group analysis (CGGA): An automatic tool for the interpretation of microarray experiments.	Lucero Lopez-Perez
Co-transformations in Information System Reengineering.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
CoBiC: Context-dependent Bioambient Calculus.	Luca Bortolussi
CoMP clustering and backhaul limitations in cooperative cellular mobile access networks.	Luca Scalia
CoPhIR: a Test Collection for Content-Based Image Retrieval	Claudio Lucchese
Coarse-graining schemes for stochastic lattice systems with short and long-range interactions.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Coarse-to-fine skeleton extraction for high resolution 3D meshes.	Luca Rossi 0004
Code aware resource management.	Luca de Alfaro
Code-Aided Maximum-Likelihood Ambiguity Resolution Through Free-Energy Minimization.	Luc Vandendorpe
Coded Schemes for Asymmetric Wireless Interfaces: Theory and Practice.	Daniel E. Lucani
Codes Satisfying the Chain Condition with a Poset Weights	Luciano Panek
Codes and caps from orthogonal Grassmannians	Luca Giuzzi
Codes and caps from orthogonal Grassmannians.	Luca Giuzzi
Codes for second and third order GH-ARQ schemes.	Luca de Alfaro
Codes of central Sturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
Codimension-Two Bifurcations in Animal Aggregation Models with Symmetry.	Pietro-Luciano Buono
Coding Local and Global Binary Visual Features Extracted From Video Sequences.	Luca Baroffio
Coding Theory: A General Framework and Two Inverse Problems.	Luca Bortolussi
Coding Together at Scale: GitHub as a Collaborative Social Network.	Luca Rossi 0004
Coding Visual Features Extracted From Video Sequences.	Luca Baroffio
Coding and Decoding Schemes for MSE and Image Transmission.	Luciano Panek
Coding in the Presence of Semantic Value of Information: Unequal Error Protection Using Poset Decoders	Luciano Panek
Coding local and global binary visual features extracted from video sequences.	Luca Baroffio
Coding of dynamic texture for mapping on 3-D scenes.	Luc Van Eycken
Coding schemes for relay-assisted information embedding.	Luc Vandendorpe
Coenzyme Q Biosynthesis: Evidence for a Substrate Access Channel in the FAD-Dependent Monooxygenase Coq6.	Lucie Gonzalez
Coevolution versus self-play temporal difference learning for acquiring position evaluation in small-board go.	Simon M. Lucas
Coevolving Game-Playing Agents: Measuring Performance and Intransitivities.	Simon M. Lucas
Coexistence Issues of Multiple Co-located IEEE 802.15.4/ZigBee Networks Running on Adjacent Radio Channels in Industrial Environments.	Lucia Lo Bello
CogTRA: a deployable mechanism for cognitive transmission rate adaptation in IEEE 802.11 networks.	Luciano Jerez Chaves
Cognition, technology and games for the elderly: An introduction to ELDERGAMES Project.	Luciano Gamberini
Cognitive Analysis of Process Knowledge Transfer in Computer Supported Cooperative Work.	Holger Luczak
Cognitive Radio as the Facilitator for Advanced Communications Electronic Warfare Solutions.	Lucio Marcenaro
Cognitive agents and multiagent interaction.	Jean-Luc Koning
Cognitive effectiveness of visual instructional design languages.	Luca Botturi
Cognitive radio for medical body area networks using ultra wideband.	Luca De Nardis
Cognitive radios with multiple antennas exploiting spatial opportunities.	Luca Bixio
Coherence estimation from multilook incoherent SAR imagery.	Luciano Alparone
Coherence resonance due to correlated noise in neuronal models.	Stefano Luccioli
Coherence, Belief Expansion and Bayesian Networks	Luc Bovens
Coherent 100G Nonlinear Compensation with Single-Step Digital Backpropagation.	Luca Potì
Coherent Motion of Monolayer Sheets under Confinement and Its Pathological Implications.	Luca Deseri
Coherent quasiparticle transport in grain boundary junctions employing high-Tc superconductors.	P. Lucignano
Coherent response of the Hodgkin-Huxley neuron in the high-input regime.	Stefano Luccioli
Collaboration Through the Exploitation of Local Interactions in Autonomous Collective Robotics: The Stick Pulling Experiment.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Collaboration and Coordination in Secondary Networks for Opportunistic Spectrum Access	Luciano Bononi
Collaboration in Social Networks	Luca Dall'Asta
Collaborative Filtering for Predicting User Preferences for Organizing Objects.	Luciano Spinello
Collaborative Fuzzy Clustering Algorithms: Some Refinements and Design Guidelines.	Lucas Vendramin
Collaborative Networked Virtual Surgical Simulators (CNVSS) Implementing Hybrid Client-Server Architecture: Factors Affecting Collaborative Performance.	Lucia Quintero
Collaborative Networked Virtual Surgical Simulators (CNVSS): Factors Affecting Collaborative Performance.	Lucia Quintero
Collaborative Ontology Development for the Geosciences.	Luc Boerboom
Collaborative Tagging and Semiotic Dynamics	Luciano Pietronero
Collaborative e-product development and product innovation in a demand-driven network: the moderating role of eCRM.	Luc Cassivi
Collaborative eScience libraries.	Richard Luce
Collaborative management education: an online community in Europe?	Petra Luck
Collaborative ontology engineering: a survey.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
Collaborative recommendations with content-based filters for cultural activities via a scalable event distribution platform.	Luc Martens
Collapsibility and Vanishing of Top Homology in Random Simplicial Complexes.	Tomasz Luczak
Collapsing Hierarchies in PCGSs with Communication by Commands.	Lucian Ilie
Collecting Datasets from Ambient Intelligence Environments.	Luca Benini
Collecting Large, Richly Annotated Facial-Expression Databases from Movies.	Simon Lucey
Collecting and Sharing Location-based Content on Mobile Phones in a Zoo Visitor Experience.	Luciana Baptista
Collection of ultrafine particles using polypropylene non-woven filter media charged by triode corona discharge.	Lucien Dascalescu
Collective Intelligence in Citizen Science - A Study of Performers and Talkers.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
Collective attention in the age of (mis)information.	Luca Rossi 0005
Collective attention in the age of (mis)information.	Luca Rossi 0005
Collicular Vision Guides Nonconscious Behavior.	Luca Latini Corazzini
Collision Detection by Networked Sensors.	Luca Canzian
Collision model for performance analysis of coded transmission in time hopping impulse radio over multipath nakagami-m channels.	Luca Reggiani
Color to gray conversions in the context of stereo matching algorithms - An analysis and comparison of current methods and an ad-hoc theoretically-motivated technique for image matching.	Luca Benedetti
Color-based underwater object recognition using water light attenuation.	Luc Jaulin
Colorful Flowers.	Tomasz Luczak
Coloring 2-Intersecting Hypergraphs.	Lucas Colucci
Colour Histogram Algorithms for Visual Robot Control.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Colouring squares of claw-free graphs.	Lucas Pastor
Combinando Workflows e Semântica para Facilitar o Reuso de Software.	Luciano Antonio Digiampietri
Combination and Integration in the Perception of Visual-Haptic Compliance Information.	Massimiliano Di Luca
Combination of DOA and beamforming in position-based routing for underlay cognitive wireless networks.	Luca De Nardis
Combinatorial Analysis of Multiple Networks	Luca Rossi 0003
Combinatorial Auctions via Posted Prices.	Brendan Lucier
Combinatorial Properties of Sturmian Palindromes.	Aldo de Luca
Combinatorial Properties of Sturmian Palindromes.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Combinatorial Properties of uniformly Recurrent Words and an Application to Semigroups.	Aldo de Luca
Combinatorial Walrasian Equilibrium	Brendan Lucier
Combinatorial Walrasian Equilibrium.	Brendan Lucier
Combinatorial analysis and algorithms for quasispecies reconstruction using next-generation sequencing.	Luciano Prosperi
Combinatorial aspects of the sensor location problem.	Lucio Bianco
Combinatorial auctions for exchanging resources over a grid network.	Lucile Denoeud-Belgacem
Combinatorial properties of Catalan pairs.	Luca Ferrari
Combinatorial properties of planar spaces and embeddability.	Luc Teirlinck
Combinatorial pyramids and discrete geometry for energy-minimizing segmentation	Luc Brun
Combinatorial trees arising in the study of interval exchange transformations.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Combining Bayesian learning and vector field smoothing for on-line incremental speaker adaptation.	Luciano Fissore
Combining Fast Multipole Techniques and an Approximate Inverse Preconditioner for Large Electromagnetism Calculations.	Luc Giraud
Combining GP operators with SA search to evolve fuzzy rule based classifiers.	Luciano Sánchez
Combining Interval Analysis with Flatness Theory for State Estimation of Sailboat Robots.	Luc Jaulin
Combining Partitions in SecSpaces.	Roberto Lucchi
Combining Process Selection and lot sizing Models for Production Scheduling of Electrofused Grains.	José Roberto Dale Luche
Combining SRP-PHAT and two Kinects for 3D Sound Source Localization.	Lucas Adams Seewald
Combining UWB with Time Reversal for improved communication and positioning.	Luca De Nardis
Combining Visual Analytics and Content Based Data Retrieval Technology for Efficient Data Analysis.	Luciana A. S. Romani
Combining classical molecular dynamics and quantum mechanical methods for the description of electronic excitations: The case of carotenoids.	Lucas Viani
Combining expert knowledge and data mining in a medical diagnosis domain.	ángel Lucas González
Combining flat and structured representations for fingerprint classification with recursive neural networks and support vector machines.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Combining image and model based rendering of an archaeological site.	Luc J. Van Gool
Combining optimization and machine learning techniques for genome-wide prediction of human cell cycle-regulated genes.	Stefano Lucidi
Combining random forest and copula functions: A heuristic approach for selecting assets from a financial crisis perspective.	Giovanni De Luca
Combining task execution and background knowledge for the verification of medical guidelines.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Comment on "Ensemble Projection for Semi-supervised Image Classification".	Luc J. Van Gool
Comment on Generalized AVL Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
Commentary on the Integration of Model Sharing and Reproducibility Analysis to Scholarly Publishing Workflow in Computational Biomechanics.	Luca Modenese
Comments about the coincident bit counting (CBC) criterion for image registration.	Luc Pronzato
Comments on "A New Algorithm for Border Description of Polarized Light Surface Microscopic Images of Pigmented Skin Lesions".	Luciano Alparone
Comments on "Adaptive variable structure set-point control of underactuated robots".	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Comments on "An iterative learning controller with initial state learning".	Pasquale Lucibello
Comments on "Femoral surface strain in intact composite femurs: A custom computer analysis of the photoelastic coating technique" [with reply].	Luca Cristofolini
Comments on "Learning from imprecise and fuzzy observations: Data disambiguation through generalized loss minimization" by Eyke Hüllermeier.	Luciano Sánchez
Comments on "Nonlinear repetitive control".	Pasquale Lucibello
Comments on "Resolution in time-frequency".	Luc Knockaert
Comments on "Towards increasing speech recognition error rates" by H. Bourlard, H. Hermansky, and N. Morgan.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Comments on 'On a direct method of analysis and synthesis of the SPRT' by I. Vrana.	Lucio Verrazzani
Commissioning of Electromechanical Conversion Models for High Dynamic PMSM Drives.	Luca Peretti
Common Knowledge: Relating anti-founded situation semantics to modal logic neighbourhood semantics.	Luc Lismont
Common and unique neuro-functional basis of induction, visualization, and spatial relationships as cognitive components of fluid intelligence.	Gian Luca Romani
Common factors of shifted Fibonacci numbers.	Florian Luca
Common weaknesses in traditional abstracts in the social sciences.	Lucy Betts
Communicating Concurrent Objects in HiddenCCS.	Dorel Lucanu
Communicating active components: An environment for concurrent applications on parallel machines.	Luc Courtrai
Communicating open systems.	Michael Luck
Communication Generation for Aligned and Cyclic(K) Distributions Using Integer Lattice.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Communication Range Dynamics and Performance Analysis for a Self-Adaptive Transmission Power Controller.	Néstor Lucas Martínez
Communication Structure of Cortical Networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Communication flow orientation in business process modeling and its effect on redesign success: Results from a field study.	Dorrie DeLuca
Communication, and concurrency with logic-based restriction inside a calculus of structures	Luca Roversi
Communication, consensus and order. Who wants to speak first?	Lucie Ménager
Communication-Oriented Design Space Exploration for Reconfigurable Architectures.	Jean Luc Philippe
Communication-aware scheduling on an IMA architecture: invited paper.	Jean-Luc Scharbarg
Communications and networking over satellites: SatNEx experimental activities and testbeds.	Luca Simone Ronga
Community core detection in transportation networks	Luca Secchi
Compact CMOS Analog Counter for SPAD Pixel Arrays.	Lucio Pancheri
Compact DSOP and Partial DSOP Forms.	Fabrizio Luccio
Compact DSOP and partial DSOP Forms	Fabrizio Luccio
Compact Hardware Implementations of ChaCha, BLAKE, Threefish, and Skein on FPGA.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Compact Hardware Implementations of ChaCha, BLAKE, Threefish, and Skein on FPGA.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Compact Imbeddings in Electromagnetism with Interfaces between Classical Materials and Metamaterials.	Lucas Chesnel
Compact Implementation of Threefish and Skein on FPGA.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Compact Implementations of BLAKE-32 and BLAKE-64 on FPGA.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Compact Modeling of Nonlinear Analog Circuits Using System Identification via Semidefinite Programming and Incremental Stability Certification.	Luca Daniel
Compact Routing Schemes for Dynamic Ring Networks.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Compact SPAD-Based Pixel Architectures for Time-Resolved Image Sensors.	Lucio Pancheri
Compact and Fast Sensitivity Oracles for Single-Source Distances.	Luciano Gualà
Compact modeling and simulation of Random Telegraph Noise under non-stationary conditions in the presence of random dopants.	Lucas Brusamarello
Compact modeling of TANOS program/erase operations for SPICE-like circuit simulations.	Luca Larcher
Compact thermal models for stochastic thermal analysis.	Luca di Rienzo
Comparaison d'organisations spatiales agricoles. Le système ROSA.	Jean-Luc Metzger
Comparativa de algoritmos bioinspirados aplicados al problema de calendarización de horarios.	Lucero de Montserrat Ortiz Aguilar
Comparative Analysis of NoCs for Two-Dimensional Versus Three-Dimensional SoCs Supporting Multiple Voltage and Frequency Islands.	Luca Benini
Comparative Analysis of Some Parametric Model Structures Dedicated to EDLC Diagnosis.	Luc Loron
Comparative Genometrics (CG): a database dedicated to biometric comparisons of whole genomes.	Jean-Luc Barblan
Comparative Study of Predictive and Resonant Controllers in Fault-Tolerant Five-Phase Induction Motor Drives.	Luca Zarri
Comparative evaluation of seasonal patterns in long time series of satellite image data and simulations of a global vegetation model.	Wolfgang Lucht
Comparative functional genomic study of substrate specificity evolution of the SABATH family of methyltransferases in plants.	Jean-Luc Ferrer
Comparative study of gene set enrichment methods.	Luca Abatangelo
Comparing Ant Colony Optimization and Genetic Algorithm Approaches for Solving Traffic Signal Coordination under Oversaturation Conditions.	Luca Quadrifoglio
Comparing CSP and SAT Solvers for Polynomial Constraints in Termination Provers.	Salvador Lucas
Comparing Object Encodings.	Luca Cardelli
Comparing Optical Flow Algorithms Using 6-DOF Motion of Real-World Rigid Objects.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Comparing Scatterometric and Radiometric Simulations With Geophysical Model Functions to Tune a Sea Wave Spectrum Model.	Luca Pulvirenti
Comparing Vulnerability Severity and Exploits Using Case-Control Studies.	Luca Allodi
Comparing data type specifications via their normal forms.	Jean-Luc Remy
Comparing development approaches and reuse strategies: An empirical evaluation of developer views from the aerospace industry.	Joe Lucente
Comparing formal theories of context in AI.	Luciano Serafini
Comparing intermittency and network measurements of words and their dependency on authorship	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Comparing internet financial reporting practices: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Japan and Australia.	Luciana Spica Almilia
Comparing models for audiovisual fusion in a noisy-vowel recognition task.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Comparing strategies for modeling students learning styles through reinforcement learning in adaptive and intelligent educational systems: An experimental analysis.	Luciano Vieira Lima
Comparing the acoustic expression of emotion in the speaking and the singing voice.	Lucas Tamarit
Comparing the top-down and bottom-up approaches of function point analysis: a case study.	Luck-Yuan Gan
Comparing the treatment of uncertainty in Bayesian networks and fuzzy expert systems used for a human reliability analysis application.	Luca Podofillini
Comparing traffic classifiers.	Luca Salgarelli
Comparing transport emissions and impacts for energy recovery from domestic waste (EfW): Centralised and distributed disposal options for two UK Counties.	Lucy Bastin
Comparing various hardware/software solutions and conversion methods for Controller Area Network (CAN) bus data collection.	Joe D. Luck
Comparison Among Coaxial Microcalorimeter Models.	Luca Oberto
Comparison Among Coaxial Microcalorimeter Models.	Luciano Brunetti
Comparison Between Thermoelectric and Bolometric Microwave Power Standards.	Luciano Brunetti
Comparison Between Thermoelectric and Bolometric Microwave Power Standards.	Luca Oberto
Comparison among Cognitive Radio Architectures for Spectrum Sensing.	Luca Bixio
Comparison and Extension of Existing 3D Propagation Models with Real-World Effects Based on Ray-Tracing.	Lucas C. Gimenez
Comparison and optimization of methods of color image quantization.	Luc Brun
Comparison between GFDM and VOFDM.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Comparison between time-constrained and time-unconstrained optimization for power losses minimization in Smart Grids using genetic algorithms.	Gian Luca Storti
Comparison of Design Models: A Systematic Mapping Study.	Lucian Gonçales
Comparison of EM-Based Algorithms for MIMO Channel Estimation.	Luc Vandendorpe
Comparison of Measured Quantity Value Estimators in Nonlinear Models.	Luca Mari
Comparison of Pansharpening Algorithms: Outcome of the 2006 GRS-S Data-Fusion Contest.	Lucien Wald
Comparison of Pansharpening Algorithms: Outcome of the 2006 GRS-S Data-Fusion Contest.	Luciano Alparone
Comparison of S-Parameter Measurements at Millimeter Wavelengths Between INRIM and NMC.	Luciano Brunetti
Comparison of S-Parameter Measurements at Millimeter Wavelengths Between INRIM and NMC.	Luca Oberto
Comparison of Speaker Adaptation Methods as Feature Extraction for SVM-Based Speaker Recognition.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Comparison of Statistical Experiments (Erik Torgersen).	Lucien Le Cam
Comparison of consumers' views on electronic data sharing for healthcare and research.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Comparison of different estimation procedures for proportional hazards model with random effects.	Luc Duchateau
Comparison of different nano- and micro-focus X-ray computed tomography set-ups for the visualization of the soil microstructure and soil organic matter.	Luc Van Hoorebeke
Comparison of energy intake prediction algorithms for systems powered by photovoltaic harvesters.	Luca Benini
Comparison of fuzzy numbers using a fuzzy distance measure.	Lucien Duckstein
Comparison of group recommendation algorithms.	Luc Martens
Comparison of methods for the selection of genomic biomarkers.	Luc Bijnens
Comparison of point matching algorithms for the UAV aerial refueling problem.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Comparison of quasi-spherical surfaces - application to corneal biometry.	Jean-Luc Mari
Comparison of the Link Budget with Experimental Performance of a WiMAX System.	Luc Martens
Comparison of two impulse calibrators with a high-resolution digitizer.	Wolfgang Lucas
Comparison of two modulation techniques using frequency domain processing for in-house networks.	Luc Deneire
Compartmental flow control: Decentralization, robustness and optimality.	Pier Luca Montessoro
Compatibility and Complexity of Refinements of the Resolution Principle.	David C. Luckham
Compatible Coding of Digital Interlaced HDTV.	Luc Vandendorpe
Compensated Transfer Entropy as a Tool for Reliably Estimating Information Transfer in Physiological Time Series.	Luca Faes
Competition between functional brain networks mediates behavioral variability.	Lucina Q. Uddin
Competitions for Benchmarking: Task and Functionality Scoring Complete Performance Assessment.	Luca Iocchi
Competitive intelligence: construct exploration, validation and equivalence.	Marie-Luce Muller
Competitive radial basis functions training for phone classification.	Luca Lastrucci
Compilateur de machine universelle: MU.	Jean-Luc Massat
Compiling Data-Parallel Programs to a Distributed Runtime Environment with Thread Isomigration.	Luc Bougé
Compiling Join-Patterns.	Luc Maranget
Complementary IT resources for enabling technological opportunism.	Laura Lucia-Palacios
Complementary Training Programme for Electrical and Computer Engineering Students Through an Industrial-Academic Collaboration (Extended Version).	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Complementing deterministic tree-walking automata.	Luc Segoufin
Complete Balancing via Rotation.	Fabrizio Luccio
Complete and ready simulation semantics are not finitely based over BCCSP, even with a singleton alphabet.	Luca Aceto
Complete characterization of the regions of C2 and C3 convergence of combined ternary 4-point subdivision schemes.	Lucia Romani
Completely Automated Multiresolution Edge Snapper - A New Technique for an Accurate Carotid Ultrasound IMT Measurement: Clinical Validation and Benchmarking on a Multi-Institutional Database.	Luca Saba
Completeness of context-sensitive rewriting.	Salvador Lucas
Completions in measure of languages and related combinatorial problems.	Aldo de Luca
Complex Decision Making: Theory and Practice, Edited by H. Qudrat-Ullah, J.M. Spector, P.I. Davidsen (Eds.). Springer (2007).	Alan McLucas
Complex Dynamics and Chaos in a Hybrid System Modeling a Controlled Reverse Flow Reactor.	Lucia Russo
Complex Gamma Function [S14] (Algorithm 404).	C. W. Lucas Jr.
Complex Networks: New Concepts and Tools for Real-Time Imaging and Vision	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Complex event processing (CEP).	David Luckham
Complex networks analysis of language complexity	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Complex networks approach to gene expression driven phenotype imaging.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Complexity Versus the Church-Rosser Property and Confluence.	H. Luckhardt
Complexity analysis of P3-convexity problems on bounded-degree and planar graphs.	Lucia Draque Penso
Complexity and Completeness of Immanants	Jean-Luc Brylinski
Complexity control of high efficiency video encoders for power-constrained devices.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Complexity in Program Schemes: The Characteristic Polynomial.	Lucio Sansone
Complexity of Task Graph Scheduling with Fixed Communication Capacity.	Lucian Finta
Complexity of model checking for reaction systems.	Luca Manzoni
Complexity scalability for real-time HEVC encoders.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Complexity-Effective Contention Management with Dynamic Backoff for Transactional Memory Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Componenets of Random Forests.	Tomasz Luczak
Component Behavior Near the Critical Point of the Random Graph Process.	Tomasz Luczak
Components of Expertise.	Luc Steels
Composing a Publication List for Individual Researcher Assessment by Merging Information from Different Sources.	Lucy Amez
Composing heterogeneous reactive systems.	Luca P. Carloni
Composing schema mappings: Second-order dependencies to the rescue.	Lucian Popa
Composite Fermions in Braid Group Terms.	Lucjan Jacak
Composite Texture Synthesis.	Luc J. Van Gool
Compositional transient reachability analysis for agent-based simulations.	Michael Luck
Comprehensive Behavioral Modeling of Conventional and Dual-Tuning PLLs.	Luca Selmi
Comprehensive Behavioral Modeling of Conventional and Dual-Tuning PLLs.	Luca Bizjak
Comprehensive Monitoring of BPEL Processes.	Luciano Baresi
Compressed Sensing in Astronomy.	Jean-Luc Starck
Compressed air saving in symmetrical and asymmetrical pneumatic positioning systems.	Luciano Endler
Compressibility and Resource Bounded Measure.	Luc Longpré
Compressible large eddy simulations of wall-bounded turbulent flows using a semi-implicit numerical scheme for low Mach number aeroacoustics.	Luc Mongeau
Compressing and indexing labeled trees, with applications.	Fabrizio Luccio
Compressing inconsistent data.	M. Lucertini
Compressing probabilistic Prolog programs.	Luc De Raedt
Compression Performances of Computer Vision Based Coding.	Luce Morin
Compression of Biomedical Signals With Mother Wavelet Optimization and Best-Basis Wavelet Packet Selection.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Compression of Samplable Sources	Luca Trevisan
Compression of Samplable Sources.	Luca Trevisan
Compression of grayscale scientific and medical image data.	Jean-Luc Starck
Compression of unitary rank-structured matrices to CMV-like shape with an application to polynomial rootfinding.	Luca Gemignani
Compressive Imaging and Characterization of Sparse Light Deflection Maps.	Luc Joannes
Compressive Imaging and Characterization of Sparse Light Deflection Maps.	Luc Joannes
Compressive Schlieren Deflectometry	Luc Joannes
Compressive Sensing Optimization for Signal Ensembles in WSNs.	Luca Benini
Computation of WCET using Program Slicing and Real-Time Model-Checking	Jean-Luc Béchennec
Computation of frequency locking regions for a discontinuous periodically forced reactor.	Lucia Russo
Computation of functions of Hamiltonian and skew-symmetric matrices.	Luciano Lopez
Computation of maximal safe sets for switching systems.	Luca Berardi
Computation of orthonormal factors for fundamental solution matrices.	Luca Dieci
Computation of the Exponential of Large Sparse Skew-Symmetric Matrices.	Luciano Lopez
Computation of the Precise Worst-Case Response Time of FlexRay Dynamic Messages.	Lucien Ouedraogo
Computation of the outage probability in rice fading radio channels.	Luciano Tomba
Computational Approach to 3D Modeling of the Lymph Node Geometry.	Lucas Onder
Computational Aspects of Asynchronous CA	Luca Manzoni
Computational Geometry for Patient-Specific Reconstruction and Meshing of Blood Vessels from Angiography.	Luca Antiga
Computational Holographic Bandwith Compression.	Mark Lucente
Computational Intelligence Techniques for Tactile Sensing Systems.	Lucia Seminara
Computational Intelligence and AI in Games: A New IEEE Transactions.	Simon M. Lucas
Computational Materials Science application programming interface (CMSapi): a tool for developing applications for atomistic simulations.	Luciano Colombo
Computational Materials Science application programming interface (CMSapi): a tool for developing applications for atomistic simulations.	Luca Ferraro
Computational Model of the Insect Pheromone Transduction Cascade.	Philippe Lucas
Computational Modeling of Two Partly Coupled Coils Supplied by a Double Half-Bridge Resonant Inverter for Induction Heating Appliances.	Oscar Lucía
Computational Prediction of Structure-Activity Relationships for the Binding of Aminocyclitols to β-Glucocerebrosidase.	Lucía Díaz
Computational Psychometrics in Communication and Implications in Decision Making.	Lucia Bosone
Computational Symmetry in Computer Vision and Computer Graphics.	Luc J. Van Gool
Computational Validation of the Motor Contribution to Speech Perception.	Luciano Fadiga
Computational analysis of mutation spectra.	Luciano Milanesi
Computational analysis of the interaction between transcription factors and the predicted secreted proteome of the yeast Kluyveromyces lactis.	Luciano G. Fietto
Computational complexity of dynamical systems: The case of cellular automata.	Luciano Margara
Computational fact checking from knowledge networks.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Computational model of neuron-astrocyte interactions during focal seizure generation.	Lucas C. Parra
Computational modeling of the EGFR network elucidates control mechanisms regulating signal dynamics.	Luca Cardelli
Computational prediction of heterogeneous interface properties at the atomic level.	Lucio Ciacchi
Computational simulation of a gene regulatory network implementing an extendable synchronous single-input delay flip-flop.	Luc Varin
Computational solution of capacity planning models under uncertainty.	Caro Lucas
Computationally efficient active rule detection method: Algorithm and architecture.	Caro Lucas
Compute-and-Forward on a Multi-User Multi-Relay Channel.	Luc Vandendorpe
Compute-and-Forward on a Multi-User Multi-Relay Channel.	Luc Vandendorpe
Compute-and-Forward on a Multiaccess Relay Channel: Coding and Sum-Rate Optimization	Luc Vandendorpe
Compute-and-Forward on a Multiaccess Relay Channel: Coding and Symmetric-Rate Optimization.	Luc Vandendorpe
Computer Aided Detection System for Prediction of the Malaise during Hemodialysis.	Lucia Vernò
Computer Vision and Graphics for Heritage Preservation and Digital Archaeology.	Luciano Silva
Computer ethics: philosophical enquiry.	Lucas D. Introna
Computer graphics applications in the education process of people with learning difficulties.	Lucí Vera
Computer implementation of a medical diagnosis problem by pattern classification.	Luigi De Luca
Computer simulation of liquids and liquid crystals.	Lucian Anton
Computer vision methods for ambient intelligence.	Gian Luca Foresti
Computer-Aided Detection of Polyps in CT Colonography Using Logistic Regression.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Computer-Assisted Mathematical Programming (Modelling) System: CAMPS.	Caro Lucas
Computer-Assisted Venous Thrombosis Volume Quantification.	Luc Bressollette
Computer-Based Library Systems: a Review of the Last Twenty-One Years.	Lucy A. Tedd
Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning Requiring Immersive Presence (CSCLIP): An Introduction.	Joyce Lucca
Computer-aided Stereotactic Functional Neurosurgery Enhanced by the Use of the Multiple Brain Atlas Database.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Computer-aided detection of cerebral microbleeds in susceptibility-weighted imaging.	Luca Giancardo
Computer-assisted preoperative planning of a novel design of total ankle replacement.	Luca Rapagnà
Computer-based safety surveillance and patient-centered health records.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Computer-mediated communication and persuasion: Peripheral vs. central route to opinion shift.	Luca Milani
Computer-supported mindfulness: Evaluation of a mobile thought distancing application on naive meditators.	Luca Chittaro
Computergestützte übersetzung in der Anwendung: Das Projekt MARIS und das Saarbrücker Translationssystem STS.	Heinz-Dirk Luckhardt
Computers in Physical Therapy Education: Interactive Multimedia Learning with MuStreT.	Luciana Vieira Castilho-Weinert
Computing Accurate Performance Bounds for Best Effort Networks-on-Chip.	Luca Benini
Computing American option price under regime switching with rationality parameter.	Lucas Jódar
Computing Connecting Orbits via an Improved Algorithm for Continuing Invariant Subspaces.	Luca Dieci
Computing Issues of Asynchronous CA.	Luca Manzoni
Computing Longest Previous Factor in linear time and applications.	Lucian Ilie
Computing Pseudotriangulations via Branched Coverings.	Luc Habert
Computing a Set of Generators of Minimal Cardinality in a Solvable Group.	Andrea Lucchini
Computing budget allocation for efficient ranking and selection of variances with application to target tracking algorithms.	Lucy Y. Pao
Computing environments for spatial data analysis.	Luc Anselin
Computing for LQCD: apeNEXT.	Sergio de Luca
Computing high precision Matrix Padé approximants.	Luca Perotti
Computing in Astronomy: Applications and Examples.	Luca Cinquini
Computing mean square approximations of random diffusion models with source term.	Lucas Jódar
Computing minimal-volume credible sets using interval analysis; application to bayesian estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Computing option pricing models under transaction costs.	Lucas Jódar
Computing pseudotriangulations via branched coverings	Luc Habert
Computing survival probabilities based on stochastic differential models.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
Computing technologies for reflective, creative care of people with dementia.	Lucia Pannese
Computing the Longest Previous Factor.	Lucian Ilie
Computing the Pessimism of Inclusion Functions.	Luc Jaulin
Computing the conjugate of convex piecewise linear-quadratic bivariate functions.	Yves Lucet
Computing the partial conjugate of convex piecewise linear-quadratic bivariate functions.	Yves Lucet
Computing the superexchange electronic factor of electron transfer theory using a grid-based numerical method.	Robert R. Lucchese
Computing the variable coefficient telegraph equation using a discrete eigenfunctions method.	Lucas Jódar
Computing the variance of interval and fuzzy data.	Luciano Stefanini
Computing the word-, symbol-, and bit-error rates for block error-correcting codes.	Luc Vandendorpe
Computing variance for interval data is NP-hard.	Luc Longpré
Computing with Bees: Attacking Complex Transportation Engineering Problems.	Panta Lucic
Computing with Time-Varying Data: Sequential Complexity and Parallel Speed-Up.	Fabrizio Luccio
Concentration for locally acting permutations.	Malwina J. Luczak
Concentric Symmetry.	Luciano da F. Costa
Concentric network symmetry grasps authors' styles in word adjacency networks.	Luciano da F. Costa
Concentric network symmetry.	Luciano da F. Costa
Concept and framework of a self-regulating symbiotic network.	Luc Martens
Conception of Repairable Dynamic Fault Trees and resolution by the use of RAATSS, a Matlab® toolbox based on the ATS formalism.	Lucio Compagno
Concepts of Simultaneous Use in Mobile and Wireless Communications.	Lucio Studer Ferreira
Concepts, Principles and Methods for the Management of Electronic Records.	Luciana Duranti
Conceptual Design of a Thermal Process Plant Weblab.	Luciano Antonio Mendes
Conceptual Modeling: the Linguistic Approach.	Lucia Castro
Conceptual Priming and Familiarity: Different Expressions of Memory during Recognition Testing with Distinct Neurophysiological Correlates.	Heather D. Lucas
Conceptual design of collaborative virtual environments for education using a theater-based metaphor.	Luca Mainetti
Conceptualizing the e-Learning Assessment Domain using an Ontology Network.	Lucía Romero
Concrete Security for Entity Recognition: The Jane Doe Protocol (Full Paper).	Stefan Lucks
Concurrency Debugging with Differential Schedule Projections.	Brandon Lucia
Concurrency versus interleaving: an instructuve example.	Luca Castellano
Concurrency versus interleaving: an instructuve example.	Lucia Pomello
Concurrent Bisimulations in Petri Nets.	Lucia Pomello
Concurrent detection of power supply noise.	Luca Schiano
Concurrent engineering of work and production systems.	Holger Luczak
Concurrent number cruncher: a GPU implementation of a general sparse linear solver.	Luc Buatois
Concurrent reachability games.	Luca de Alfaro
Condition monitoring of viscous liquids using microsensors.	F. Lucklum
Condition-based maintenance optimization by means of genetic algorithms and Monte Carlo simulation.	Luca Podofillini
Conditional Computation in Neural Networks for faster models.	Pierre-Luc Bacon
Conditional mean embeddings as regressors - supplementary	Luca Baldassarre
Conditional robustness analysis for fragility discovery and target identification in biochemical networks and in cancer systems biology.	Lucio Crinò
Conditional uniform time stable numerical solutions of coupled hyperbolic systems.	Lucas Jódar
Conditioned program slicing.	Andrea De Lucia
Conditioned weighted L-R approximations of fuzzy numbers.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Conditioning and Padé Approximation of the Logarithm of a Matrix.	Luca Dieci
Conditioning in Probabilistic Programming.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Conditioning in Probabilistic Programming.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Conditioning of the Exponential of a Block Triangular Matrix.	Luca Dieci
Conditions for Consensus of Multi-Agent Systems With Time-Delays and Uncertain Switching Topology.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Conduction band states of transition metal (TM) high-k gate dielectrics as determined from X-ray absorption spectra.	Gerald Lucovsky
Conference Corner: The II Workshop and I School on Cybernetic Vision.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Conferring Human Action Recognition Skills to Life-Like Agents.	Luc Emering
Confidentiality, Integrity and High Availability with Open Source IT green	Luciana Guimaraes
Configurable network-on-chip router macrocells.	Luca Fanucci
Configuring a Wafer-Scale Two-Dimensional Array of Single-Bit Processors.	Jean-Luc Patry
Configuring effective navigation models and abstract test cases for web applications by analysing user behaviour.	Lucy Simko
Confined Elastic Curves.	Luca Mugnai
Conflict resolution problems for air traffic management systems solved with mixed integer programming.	Lucia Pallottino
Conflict-Free Colourings of Uniform Hypergraphs With Few Edges.	Tomasz Luczak
Conjecture Synthesis for Inductive Theories.	Lucas Dixon
Conjectures on the enumeration of tableaux of bounded height.	Luc Favreau
Connecting devices for collaborative interactions.	Andrés Lucero
Connecting possibilistic prudence and optimal saving.	Ana María Lucia Casademunt
Connection space approach to ambiguities of gauge theories.	Ana-Lucia Barbosa
Connectivity Properties of Random Subgraphs of the Cube.	Tomasz Luczak
Connectivity and diameter in distance graphs.	Lucia Draque Penso
Connectivity and energy-aware preorders for mobile ad-hoc networks.	Lucia Gallina
Connectivity differences in brain networks.	Luca Cocchi
Connectivity for line-of-sight networks in higher dimensions.	Luc Devroye
Connectivity from the ventral anterior cingulate to the amygdala is modulated by appetitive motivation in response to facial signals of aggression.	Luca Passamonti
Connectivity of inhomogeneous random graphs.	Luc Devroye
Connectivity of sparse Bluetooth networks.	Luc Devroye
Connectivity recovery in post-disaster scenarios through Cognitive Radio swarms.	Luca Bedogni
Connectivity recovery in post-disaster scenarios through Cognitive Radio swarms.	Luciano Bononi
Connectivity threshold for Bluetooth graphs	Luc Devroye
Connectivity threshold of Bluetooth graphs.	Luc Devroye
Connectivity-free front tracking method for multiphase flows with free surfaces.	Lucy Zhang
Conscious and Unconscious Representations of Observed Actions in the Human Motor System.	Luca F. Ticini
Consciousness, Agents and the Knowledge Game.	Luciano Floridi
Consensus and common knowledge of an aggregate of decisions.	Lucie Ménager
Consensus for Quantum Networks: Symmetry From Gossip Interactions.	Luca Mazzarella
Consensus for black-box nonlinear agents using optimistic optimization.	Lucian Busoniu
Consensus with guaranteed convergence rate of high-order integrator agents in the presence of time-varying delays.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Consensus, communication and knowledge: An extension with Bayesian agents.	Lucie Ménager
Consensus-Based Decentralized Auctions for Robust Task Allocation.	Luc Brunet
Conservative Extension in Structural Operational Semantics.	Luca Aceto
Conservative Median Algebras and Semilattices.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Consistency of Random Forests and Other Averaging Classifiers.	Luc Devroye
Consistent treatment of viscoelastic effects at junctions in one-dimensional blood flow models.	Lucas O. Müller
Constant Delay Enumeration for Conjunctive Queries.	Luc Segoufin
Constant Time Joint Bilateral Filtering Using Joint Integral Histograms.	Luc J. Van Gool
Constant bandwidth server revisited.	Luca Abeni
Constant-Space P Systems with Active Membranes.	Luca Manzoni
Constrained Registration of the Wrist Joint.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Constrained least squares detector for OFDM/SDMA-based wireless networks.	Luc Deneire
Constrained pole placement for linear systems using low-order output feedback controllers.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Constraining image object search by multi-scale spectral residue analysis.	Luciano Oliveira
Constraint Based Design of Two-Channel Paraunitary Filter Banks of a Given Length Over GF(2r).	Catriona M. Lucey
Constraint Programming meets Machine Learning and Data Mining (Dagstuhl Seminar 11201).	Luc De Raedt
Constraint differentiation: Search-space reduction for the constraint-based analysis of security protocols.	Luca Viganò 0001
Constraint matrix factorization for space variant PSFs field restoration.	Jean-Luc Starck
Constraint satisfaction: The approximability of minimization problems.	Luca Trevisan
Constraint-Based Modeling of Carbon Fixation and the Energetics of Electron Transfer in Geobacter metallireducens.	Pier-Luc Tremblay
Constraint-Oriented Cooperative Scheduling for Aircraft Manufacturing.	Luc Haudot
Constraints, Optimization and Data (Dagstuhl Seminar 14411).	Luc De Raedt
Constructing Induction Rules for Deductive Synthesis Proofs.	Lucas Dixon
Constructing Orthogonal Latin Squares from Linear Cellular Automata.	Luca Mariot
Constructing accurate polynomial approximations for nonlinear differential initial value problems.	Lucas Jódar
Constructing approximate diffusion processes with uncertain data.	Lucas Jódar
Constructing eigenfunctions of strongly coupled parabolic boundary value systems.	Lucas Jódar
Constructing nearly orthogonal latin hypercubes for any nonsaturated run-variable combination.	Thomas W. Lucas
Constructing new covering arrays from LFSR sequences over finite fields.	Lucia Moura
Constructing partial words with subword complexities not achievable by full words.	Lucas Manuelli
Constructing positive reliable numerical solution for American call options: A new front-fixing approach.	Lucas Jódar
Constructing unconditionally time-stable numerical solutions for mixed parabolic problems.	Lucas Jódar
Construction and Modelling of an Inducible Positive Feedback Loop Stably Integrated in a Mammalian Cell-Line.	Lucia Marucci
Construction and characterization of non-uniform local interpolating polynomial splines.	Lucia Romani
Construction and smoothing of triangular Coons patches with geodesic boundary curves.	Luc Biard
Construction d'un Prototype de Système Expert dans le Domaine Historique.	Jean-Luc Minel
Construction of 3D models of the CYP11B family as a tool to predict ligand binding characteristics.	Luc Roumen
Construction of Bézier surface patches with Bézier curves as geodesic boundaries.	Luc Biard
Construction of Indistinguishable Conductivity Perturbations for the Point Electrode Model in Electrical Impedance Tomography.	Lucas Chesnel
Construction of a 3-Dimensional MDS code	Luca Giuzzi
Construction of a 3-dimensional MDS-code.	Luca Giuzzi
Construction of a Function Using a Fibonacci Numeration System	Brendan Lucier
Construction of an Optimal Solution for a Real-World Routing-Scheduling-Loading Problem.	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Construction of rational surface patches bounded by lines of curvature.	Luc Biard
Construction of seafloor thematic maps from multibeam acoustic backscatter angular response data.	Luciano Fonseca
Construction site image retrieval based on material cluster recognition.	Lucio Soibelman
Construction techniques for systematic SEC-DED codes with single byte error detection and partial correction capability for computer memory systems.	Luca Penzo
Construction, évaluation et Amélioration Systématiques de Structures de Données.	Jean-Luc Remy
Constructions of Near-Optimal Extractors Using Pseudo-Random Generators	Luca Trevisan
Constructions of unitals in Desarguesian planes.	Luca Giuzzi
Constructive Upper Bounds for Cycle-Saturated Graphs of Minimum Size.	Tomasz Luczak
Constructive nonlinear anti-windup design for exponentially unstable linear plants.	Luca Zaccarian
Constructive solution of a bilinear optimal control problem for a Schrödinger equation.	Lucie Baudouin
Consumer Habituation.	Luc Wathieu
Containing epidemic outbreaks by message-passing techniques.	Luca Dall'Asta
Contains and Inside relationships within combinatorial Pyramids	Luc Brun
Contains and inside relationships within combinatorial pyramids.	Luc Brun
Content Engineering Agent: A TBL-Based E-Course Development Tool with TQM.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Content and quality: Interpretation-based estimation of image quality.	Jean-Luc Olives
Content dissemination in vehicular social networks: taxonomy and user satisfaction.	André-Luc Beylot
Content driven QoE assessment for video frame rate and frame resolution reduction.	Lucjan Janowski
Content-based image retrieval using OWA fuzzy linking histogram.	Caro Lucas
Content-centric Routing in Wi-Fi Direct Multi-group Networks.	Luciano Curto Pelle
Content-driven differential encoding of an enhanced image pyramid.	Luciano Alparone
Content-driven pyramid compression of medical images for error-free archival and progressive transmission.	Luciano Alparone
ContentNet: a framework for the interoperability of educational content using standard IMS.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Context Adaptation for Smart Recommender Systems.	Jean-Luc Marini
Context data distribution with quality guarantees for Android-based mobile systems.	Luca Foschini
Context data management: an architectural framework for context-aware services.	Luca Lamorte
Context in Knowledge Representation and Natural Language.	Lucja Iwanska
Context matching for electronic marketplaces: a case study.	Luciano Serafini
Context-Aware Data and IT Services Collaboration in E-Business.	Lucien Vincent
Context-Aware Presentation of Linked Data on Mobile.	Luca Costabello
Context-Sensitive Rewriting Strategies.	Salvador Lucas
Context-aware Android applications through transportation mode detection techniques.	Luciano Bononi
Context-aware Android applications through transportation mode detection techniques.	Luca Bedogni
Context-aware handoff middleware for transparent service continuity in wireless networks.	Luca Foschini
Context-aware recommendations through context and activity recognition in a mobile environment.	Luc Martens
Context-based design of robotic systems.	Luca Iocchi
Context-driven fusion of high spatial and spectral resolution images based on oversampled multiresolution analysis.	Luciano Alparone
Context-free grammars in Greibach normal forms.	Luc Boasson
Context-sensitive Computations in Functional and Functional Logic Programs.	Salvador Lucas
Context-sensitive dependency pairs.	Salvador Lucas
Context-specific selection of algorithms for recursive feature tracking in endoscopic image using a new methodology.	Luc Soler
Contexts, co-texts and situations in fusion domain.	Gian Luca Foresti
Contextual Rewriting as a Sound and Complete Proof Method for Conditional LOG-Specifications.	Jean-Luc Remy
Contextual tag inference.	Luca Maria Aiello
Contextualized knowledge repositories for the Semantic Web.	Luciano Serafini
Contextualizing ontologies.	Luciano Serafini
Contiguous Search Problem in Sierpinski Graphs.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Contingent derivatives of set-valued maps and applications to vector optimization.	Dinh The Luc
Continuant polynomials and worst-case behavior of Hopcroft's minimization algorithm.	Luc Boasson
Continuation of eigendecomposition.	Luca Dieci
Continuation of invariant subspaces.	Luca Dieci
Continuing research in multi-agent systems.	Michael Luck
Continuous Boltzmann machine with rotor neurons.	Lucas C. Parra
Continuous Dynamical Combination of Short and Long-Term Forecasts for Nonstationary Time Series.	Adrian Lucena Arnaud
Continuous Markovian Logics - Axiomatization and Quantified Metatheory	Luca Cardelli
Continuous Phase Modulation and Space-Time Coding: A Candidate for Wireless Robotics.	Luc Deneire
Continuous Verification of Large Embedded Software using SMT-Based Bounded Model Checking	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Continuous and Discrete Shipping Strategies for the Single Link Problem.	Luca Bertazzi
Continuous approximation of collective system behaviour: A tutorial.	Luca Bortolussi
Continuous approximations of product implication in MV-algebras with product.	Luca Spada
Continuous innovation: towards a paradoxical, ambidextrous combination of exploration and exploitation.	Luca Gastaldi
Continuous numerical solution of coupled parabolic initial value problems.	Lucas Jódar
Continuous-switch piecewise quadratic models of biological networks: Application to bacterial growth.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Continuous-wavelet-transform analysis of the multifocal ERG waveform in glaucoma diagnosis.	Luciano Boquete
Continuously innovating the study of continuous innovation: from actionable knowledge to universal theory in continuous innovation research.	Luca Gastaldi
Contract-based discovery of Web services modulo simple orchestrators.	Luca Padovani
Contracting Optimally an Interval Matrix without Loosing Any Positive Semi-Definite Matrix Is a Tractable Problem.	Luc Jaulin
Contraction kernels and combinatorial maps.	Luc Brun
Contractor programming.	Luc Jaulin
Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization image processing to improve the detection of simulated spiculations in dense mammograms.	Marla DeLuca
Contributions of Jayme Luiz Szwarcfiter to graph theory and computer science.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
Contributions of Jayme Luiz Szwarcfiter to graph theory and computer science.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Contributions to the emergence and consolidation of Agent-oriented Software Engineering.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Control Your eLearning Environment: Exploiting Policies in an Open Infrastructure for Lifelong Learning.	Juri Luca De Coi
Control and voting power in corporate networks: Concepts and computational aspects.	Luc Leruth
Control charts for the on-line diagnostics of CMM performances.	Luca Settineri
Control functions design and implementation of distributed automation systems for manufacturing applications.	Luca Ferrarini
Control of Redundant Robots Under Hard Joint Constraints: Saturation in the Null Space.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Control of a Bicycle Using Virtual Holonomic Constraints	Luca Consolini
Control of a Robotic Wheelchair Using Recurrent Networks.	Luciano Boquete
Control of a bicycle using virtual holonomic constraints.	Luca Consolini
Control of distributed delay systems with uncertainties: a generalized Popov theory approach.	Luc Dugard
Control of nonholonomic systems via dynamic compensation.	Alessandro De Luca
Control of the electromagnetic compatibility: An issue for IC reliability.	Jean-Luc Levant
Control structures for data-parallel SIMD languages: semantics and implementation.	Jean-Luc Levaire
Control structures for data-parallel SIMD languages: semantics and implementation.	Luc Bougé
Control to Facet by Piecewise-Affine Output Feedback.	Luc C. G. J. M. Habets
Control using equal length shaped commands to reduce vibration.	Lucy Y. Pao
Control-based p-persistent adaptive communication protocol.	Pier Luca Montessoro
Controllability analysis of a pair of 3D Dubins vehicles in formation.	Lucia Pallottino
Controllability of isotropic viscoelastic bodies of Maxwell-Boltzmann type.	Luciano Pandolfi
Controlled Magnetic Propulsion of Floating Polymeric Two-Dimensional Nano-Objects.	Lucia Beccai
Controlled automated discovery of collections of business process models.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Controller Required? The Impact of Natural Mapping on Interactivity, Realism, Presence, and Enjoyment in Motion-Based Video Games.	Lucy Popova
Controlling a Class of Nonlinear Systems on Rectangles.	Luc C. G. J. M. Habets
Controlling the shrinkage of polymers for customized shoe sole manufacturing.	Luca Diviani
Conventional and dynamic safety analysis: Comparison on a chemical batch reactor.	Luca Podofillini
Converged multimedia services in emerging Web 2.0 session mobility scenarios.	Luca Foschini
Convergence Analysis of a Finite Element Projection/Lagrange-Galerkin Method for the Incompressible Navier-Stokes Equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Convergence Issues in Congestion Games.	Luca Moscardelli
Convergence analysis for hyperbolic evolution problems in mixed form.	Lucia Gastaldi
Convergence analysis of a class of massively parallel direction splitting algorithms for the Navier-Stokes equations in simple domains.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Convergence conditions, line search algorithms and trust region implementations for the Polak-Ribière conjugate gradient method.	Stefano Lucidi
Convergence in Backward Error of Relaxed GMRES.	Luc Giraud
Convergence in Homogeneous Random Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Convergence of a Class of Cooperative Standard Cellular Neural Network Arrays.	Luca Pancioni
Convergence of an Inverse Problem for a 1-D Discrete Wave Equation.	Lucie Baudouin
Convergence of discrete time option pricing models under stochastic interest rates.	Jean-Luc Prigent
Convergence of probabilities for the second order monadic properties of a random mapping.	Tomasz Luczak
Convergence to Second Order Stationary Points in Inequality Constrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Convergence to Second-Order Stationary Points of a Primal-Dual Algorithm Model for Nonlinear Programming.	Stefano Lucidi
Convergence to equilibrium of biased plane Partitions.	Fabio Lucio Toninelli
Convergent Dynamics of Nonreciprocal Differential Variational Inequalities Modeling Neural Networks.	Luca Pancioni
Convergent matrix pencils.	Lucas Jódar
Conversation retrieval for microblogging sites.	Luca Rossi 0003
Conversational interfaces for e-commerce applications.	Mark Lucente
Converting Untyped Formulas to Typed Ones.	Luca Cabibbo
Converting a successful research project into a sustainable service: The case of the SoDa Web service.	Lucien Wald
Convex Hulls for Random Lines.	Luc Devroye
Convex Hulls of Orbits and Orientations of a Moving Protein Domain.	Luca Sgheri
Convex Separable Problems With Linear Constraints in Signal Processing and Communications.	Luca Sanguinetti
Convex block-sparse linear regression with expanders - provably.	Luca Baldassarre
Convex composite non-Lipschitz programming.	Dinh The Luc
Convex p-partitions of bipartite graphs.	Luciano N. Grippo
Convex separable problems with linear and box constraints in signal processing and communications.	Luca Sanguinetti
Convex separable problems with linear and box constraints.	Luca Sanguinetti
Convex- and Monotone-Transformable Mathematical Programming Problems and a Proximal-Like Point Method.	L. R. Lucambio Pérez
Convexity in Source Separation : Models, geometry, and algorithms.	Luca Baldassarre
Convexity in source separation: Models, geometry, and algorithms.	Luca Baldassarre
Convexity of the Proximal Average.	Yves Lucet
Convexity preserving interpolatory subdivision with conic precision.	Lucia Romani
Convolutional Oriented Boundaries.	Luc Van Gool
Convolutional Sparse Coding for Trajectory Reconstruction.	Simon Lucey
Convolutive blind separation of non-stationary sources.	Lucas C. Parra
Cook Reducibility is Faster than Karp Reduciblity in NP.	Luc Longpré
Cooperation and computability in n-player games.	Luca Anderlini
Cooperation strategies for agent-based P2P systems.	Luca Spalazzi
Cooperation, Coordination and Interpretation in Virtual Environments: Some Thoughts on Working-Together.	Lucas D. Introna
Cooperative Information Sharing to Improve Distributed Learning in Multi-Agent Systems	Luc Moreau
Cooperative Information Sharing to Improve Distributed Learning in Multi-Agent Systems.	Luc Moreau
Cooperative Relaying with State Available Non-Causally at the Relay	Luc Vandendorpe
Cooperative Relaying with State Available at the Relay Only	Luc Vandendorpe
Cooperative Update Exchange in the Youtopia System	Lucja Kot
Cooperative Update Exchange in the Youtopia System.	Lucja Kot
Cooperative localization of a team of AUVs by a tetrahedral configuration.	Luca Pugi
Cooperative mechanisms for networked music.	Luciano Vargas Flores
Cooperative navigation in robotic swarms.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Cooperative navigation of AUVs via acoustic communication networking: field experience with the Typhoon vehicles.	Luca Pugi
Cooperative relaying with state available noncausally at the relay.	Luc Vandendorpe
Coordinate-free sensorimotor processing: computing with population codes.	Luca Perico
Coordinated Scheduling and Power Allocation in Downlink Multicell OFDMA Networks.	Luca Venturino
Coordinated linear beamforming in downlink multi-cell wireless networks.	Luca Venturino
Coordinating static and dynamic supply chains with advertising through two-part tariffs.	Luca Lambertini
Coordination in multi-agent RoboCup teams.	Luca Iocchi
Coordination problem in cognitive wireless mesh networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Cophenetic metrics for phylogenetic trees, after Sokal and Rohlf.	Lucia Rotger
Coping With the Obsolescence of Safety- or Mission-Critical Embedded Systems Using FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
Coping with Latency in SOC Design.	Luca P. Carloni
Coping with the storm: Automating name authority record updates and bibliographic file maintenance.	Lucas Mak
Copulae as a new tool in financial modelling.	Elisa Luciano
Copy-move forgery detection and localization by means of robust clustering with J-Linkage.	Luca Del Tongo
Cordova: Web-based management of genetic variation data.	Adam P. DeLuca
Corporate Semantic Web - Semantische Technologien in Unternehmen.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
Corporate Strategy from the Bottom: Project Portfolio Management Can Help Clarify Your Strategy.	Luca Romanò
Corpus-based terminological evaluation of ontologies.	Luciano Serafini
Correct and Complete (Positive) Strategy Annotations for OBJ.	Salvador Lucas
Correct router interface modeling (abstracts only).	Lucjan Janowski
Correct transformation: From object-based graph grammars to PROMELA.	Luciana Foss
Correcting Illumina data.	Lucian Ilie
Correction for the Dislocation of Curved Surfaces Caused by the PSF in 2D and 3D CT Images.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Correction of SAR imagery for variation in pixel scattering area caused by topography.	Adrian J. Luckman
Correction of systematic effects in digitizing oscilloscopes.	Luca Garbin
Correction to "A Fast Incremental Hypervolume Algorithm" [Dec 08 714-723].	Lucas Bradstreet
Correction to "A Note on Minimality of Positive Realizations".	Luca Benvenuti
Correction to "Feedback codes achieving the capacity of the Z-channel".	Luca G. Tallini
Correction to "Specification and Analysis of System Architecture Using Rapide".	David C. Luckham
Correction to 'A Suboptimal Lossy Data Compression Based on Approximate Pattern Matching'.	Tomasz Luczak
Correction: EEG amplitude modulation analysis for semi-automated diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.	Lucas Trambaiolli
CorrelaGenes: a new tool for the interpretation of the human transcriptome.	Lucia Sacchi
Correlated Extra-Reductions Defeat Blinded Regular Exponentiation - Extended Version.	Jean-Luc Danger
Correlated- and Coarse- equilibria of Single-item auctions.	Brendan Lucier
Correlating power consumption and network traffic for improving data centers resiliency.	Luca Nicoletti
Correlating power consumption and network traffic for improving data centers resiliency.	Luca Montanari
Correlation Filters with Limited Boundaries.	Simon Lucey
Correlation between EOS customer return failure cases and Over Voltage Stress (OVS) test method.	Jean Luc Lefebvre
Correlation dimension of complex networks	Lucas Lacasa
Correlation of X-Ray Computed Tomography with Quantitative Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Methods for Pre-Clinical Measurement of Adipose and Lean Tissues in Living Mice.	Lucy Sun
Correlation of pelvic incidence with radiographical parameters for acetabular retroversion: a retrospective radiological study.	Lucienne Gautier
Correlation over Decomposed Signals: A Non-Linear Approach to Fast and Effective Sequences Comparison	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Correlation-Resistant Storage via Keyword-Searchable Encryption.	Lucas Ballard
Corrigendum to "A comparison of Filippov sliding vector fields in codimension 2" [J. Comput. Appl. Math. 262 (2014) 161-179].	Luca Dieci
Corrigendum to "Joint collaborative planning as a governance mechanism to strengthen the chain of IT value co-creation" [J. Strategic Inf. Syst. 21(3) (2012) 182-200].	Luc Cassivi
Corrigendum to "Post local forms of repair: The (extended) situation of virtualised technical support" [Information and Organization 19 (2009) 253-276].	Luciana D'Adderio
Corrigendum to "Preface: The challenge of modelling aggregated human behaviour" [Math. Comput. Modelling 57 (2013) 1617-1618].	Lucas Jódar
Corrigendum to "Special issue: Mathematical models in medicine, business & engineering 2009" [Math. Comput. Modelling 52 (7-8) (2010)].	Lucas Jódar
Corrigendum to: "Quantifier elimination in valued Ore modules".	Luc Bélair
Corrigendum: A Domain Equation for Bisimulation: Volume 92 Number 2 (1991), pages 161-218.	Luca Aceto
Cortical folding abnormalities in schizophrenia patients with resistant auditory hallucinations.	Jean-Luc Martinot
Coseismic liquefaction phenomenon analysis by COSMO-SkyMed: 2012 Emilia (Italy) earthquake.	Luca Pulvirenti
Cosimulation-based power estimation for system-on-chip design.	Luciano Lavagno
Cosine operator and controllability of the wave equation with memory revisited.	Luciano Pandolfi
Cosmological Non-Gaussian Signature Detection: Comparing Performance of Different Statistical Tests.	Jean-Luc Starck
Cosmology and the changing role of libraries: An analogy and reflections.	Richard E. Lucier
Cost Effective Real-Time Traffic Signal Control Using the TUC Strategy.	Luciano Dionisio Dantas
Cost and dimension of words of zero topological entropy.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Cost optimization of virtual infrastructures in dynamic multi-cloud scenarios.	José Luis Lucas-Simarro
Cost-Effective Design of Mesh-of-Tree Interconnect for Multicore Clusters With 3-D Stacked L2 Scratchpad Memory.	Luca Benini
Cost-Recovering Bayesian Algorithmic Mechanism Design	Brendan Lucier
Cost-Sensitive Learning of Fuzzy Rules for Imbalanced Classification Problems Using FURIA.	Luciano Sánchez
Cost-effectiveness of informatics and health IT: impact on finances and quality of care.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Costs and benefits of behavioral specialization.	Nam-Luc Tran
Countable alpha-extendable graphs.	Jean-Luc Rullière
Counting people by RGB or depth overhead cameras.	Luca Del Pizzo
Counting people from above: Airborne video based crowd analysis	Lucas Paletta
Coupled Action Recognition and Pose Estimation from Multiple Views.	Luc J. Van Gool
Coupled Object Detection and Tracking from Static Cameras and Moving Vehicles.	Luc J. Van Gool
Coupled Samples in Simulation.	Luc Devroye
Coupled parametric model for estimation of visual field tests based on OCT macular thickness maps, and vice versa, in glaucoma care.	Lucy Q. Shen
Coupling Component Systems towards Systems of Systems	Jean-Luc Garnier
Coupling ant colony systems with strong local searches.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Coupling between a multi-physics workflow engine and an optimization framework.	Luc Di Gallo
Coupling climate and hydrological models: Interoperability through Web Services.	Cecelia DeLuca
Covariance kernel representations of multidimensional second-order stochastic processes.	Didier Lucor
Covariation-based subspace-augmented MUSIC for joint sparse support recovery in impulsive environments.	Jean-Luc Starck
Coverage prediction and optimization algorithms for indoor environments.	Luc Martens
Covering arrays avoiding forbidden edges.	Lucia Moura
Coverings by open cells.	Luca Prelli
Crack-tip stress shielding by a hard fiber in beta-SiC: an atomistic study.	Luciano Colombo
Cramer-Rao bound for nonlinear filtering with Pd<1 and its application to target tracking.	Luca Timmoneri
Crashing a virtual funeral: morality in MMORPGs.	Morgan Luck
Creating Tools in a Software Environment Based on Graph Rewriting Rules.	Andrea De Lucia
Creation of a Deep Convolutional Auto-Encoder in Caffe.	Artur Luczak
Creative Learning with Serious Games.	Lucia Pannese
Creativity Through Autonomy and Interaction.	Michael Luck
Creator: new advanced concepts in concurrent simulation.	Pier Luca Montessoro
Credibility in Information Retrieval.	Alexandru-Lucian Gînsca
Crisp and Fuzzy Adaptive Spectral Predictions for Lossless and Near-Lossless Compression of Hyperspectral Imagery.	Luciano Alparone
Critical graphs for subpancyclicity of 3-connected claw-free graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Critical street links for demand responsive feeder transit services.	Luca Quadrifoglio
Cross Euclidean-to-Riemannian Metric Learning with Application to Face Recognition from Video.	Luc Van Gool
Cross Modality Adaptation of Service Front Ends.	Lucio Davide Spano
Cross layer Interaction Models for SCTP and OLSR.	André-Luc Beylot
Cross platform microarray analysis for robust identification of differentially expressed genes.	Luca Sartori
Cross-Entropy Optimization of Control Policies With Adaptive Basis Functions.	Lucian Busoniu
Cross-Layer Analysis in Cognitive Radio - Context Identification and Decision Making Aspects.	Luca De Nardis
Cross-Layer Dynamic Admission Control for Cloud-Based Multimedia Sensor Networks.	Lucas D. P. Mendes
Cross-Layer Extended Persistent Timeout Policy for SCTP and DSDV.	André-Luc Beylot
Cross-Layered MAC and Multipath Routing Protocols in Multi-Hop Wireless Mobile Networks.	Luciano Bononi
Cross-Loop Optimization of Arithmetic Intensity for Finite Element Local Assembly.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Cross-Network Opportunistic Collection of Urgent Data in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Foschini
Cross-disciplinary engineering with AutomationML and SysML.	Luca Berardinelli
Cross-institutional data exchange using the clinical document architecture (CDA).	Marcel Lucas Müller
Cross-layer optimisation of network performance over multiple-input multipleoutput wireless mobile channels.	Marco Luccini
Cross-pollinating parallel genetic algorithms for multi-objective search and optimization.	Lucas A. Wilson
Crosscutting Interfaces for Aspect-Oriented Modeling.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Crossing the agent technology chasm: Lessons, experiences and challenges in commercial applications of agents.	Michael Luck
Crossing the hurdle: the determinants of individual scientific performance.	Lucio Barabesi
Crossing the hurdle: the determinants of individual scientific performance.	Lucio Barabesi
Crossover phenomenon in the performance of an Internet search engine	Lucas Lacasa
Crowd dynamics on a moving platform: Mathematical modelling and application to lively footbridges.	Luca Bruno
Crowd-Sourcing Fuzzy and Faceted Classification for Concept Search.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
CrowdGrader: Crowdsourcing the Evaluation of Homework Assignments.	Luca de Alfaro
Crowdfunding: A New Media & Society special issue.	Lucy Bennett
Crowdsourced science: sociotechnical epistemology in the e-research paradigm.	Luciano Floridi
Crowdsourcing with mobile techniques for crisis support.	Luca Schenato
Crowdsourcing, Citizen Science or Volunteered Geographic Information? The Current State of Crowdsourced Geographic Information.	Lucy Bastin
CrumbIT! - Community-basierte Lernpfade durch den Online-Wissensdschungel.	Ulrike Lucke
Cryptanalysis of the Speck Family of Block Ciphers.	Stefan Lucks
Cryptographic Properties of Bipermutive Cellular Automata Rules.	Luca Mariot
Cryptographic software: vulnerabilities in implementations.	Michal Luczaj
Crystallography Open Database (COD): an open-access collection of crystal structures and platform for world-wide collaboration.	Luca Lutterotti
Cuckoo hashing: Further analysis.	Luc Devroye
Cultural consumption, growth and chaos.	Pasquale Lucio Scandizzo
Curvature Estimation in Oriented Patterns Using Curvilinear Models Applied to Gradient Vector Fields.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Curvature of n-dimensional space curves in grey-value images.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Curvilinear Stabilization Techniques for Truncated Newton Methods in Large Scale Unconstrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Customer's loyalty and perception of ISO 9001 in online banking.	Luc Honore Petnji Yaya
Customizing Service Platforms (Dagstuhl Seminar 13171).	Luciano Baresi
Cyber Security Challenges in Heterogeneous ICT Infrastructures of Smart Grids.	Lucie Langer
CyberGIS software: a synthetic review and integration roadmap.	Luc Anselin
CyberWalk: Enabling unconstrained omnidirectional walking through virtual environments.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Cyberbullying Among High School Students: Cluster Analysis of Sex and Age Differences and the Level of Parental Monitoring.	Lucy Barnard-Brak
Cyberdating: Misinformation and (Dis)trust in Online Interactions.	Xin-An (Lucian) Lu
Cycle regular graphs need not be transitive.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Cycles in a Random Graph Near the Critical Point.	Tomasz Luczak
Cycles in a Uniform Graph Process.	Tomasz Luczak
Cycles in random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Cyclic Complexity of Words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Cyclic and lift closures for k...21-avoiding permutations.	Jean-Luc Baril
Cyclic complexity of words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Cyclic control of robot arms.	Pasquale Lucibello
Cyclic prefixed single carrier and multicarrier transmission: bit rate comparison.	Luc Vandendorpe
Cyclostationarity-based coherent methods for wideband-signal source location.	Luciano Izzo
Cyclostationarity-based signal detection and source location in non-Gaussian noise.	Luciano Izzo
D2 receptor genotype and striatal dopamine signaling predict motor cortical activity and behavior in humans.	Luciana Lo Bianco
DAC 97 Panel: Next-Generation HDLs.	Luciano Lavagno
DAC Highlights.	Luciano Lavagno
DAC Highlights.	Luciano Lavagno
DAFNES: A distributed algorithm for network energy saving based on stress-centrality.	Luca Chiaraviglio
DARGOS: A highly adaptable and scalable monitoring architecture for multi-tenant Clouds.	Luca Foschini
DARPA's HPCS Program- History, Models, Tools, Languages.	Robert F. Lucas
DAS: a data management system for instrument tests and operations.	Luciano Nicastro
DB-MAIN: A Next Generation Meta-CASE.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
DC-GRASP: directing the search on continuous-GRASP.	Lucídio dos Anjos Formiga Cabral
DCP: A Distributed-Control Polling MAC Protocol: Specifications and Comparison with DQDB.	Luciano Lenzini
DDoS defense system for web services in a cloud environment.	Luc Pieters
DEBUG - an extension to current online debugging techniques.	D. Lucille Darley
DECM, A User Oriented Formalism for High Level Discrete Event Specifications of Real-Time Systems.	Jean-Luc Paillet
DEXTER: Large-Scale Discovery and Extraction of Product Specifications on the Web.	Luciano Barbosa
DF-based sum-rate optimization for multicarrier multiple access relay channel.	Luc Vandendorpe
DG-CST (Disease Gene Conserved Sequence Tags), a database of human-mouse conserved elements associated to disease genes.	Lucilla Luzi
DICE: Monitoring Global Invariants with Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Mottola
DIRECT: A model for molecular communication nanonetworks based on discrete entities.	Luca Felicetti
DLR MiroSurge: a versatile system for research in endoscopic telesurgery.	Luc Le Tien
DMMFast: a complexity reduction scheme for three-dimensional high-efficiency video coding intraframe depth map coding.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
DMP: Deterministic Shared-Memory Multiprocessing.	Brandon Lucia
DMPDS: A Fast Motion Estimation Algorithm Targeting High Resolution Videos and Its FPGA Implementation.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
DMS2015short-2: Advanced learning technologies for eLearning in the enterprise: Design of an Educational Adventure Game to teach computer security.	Luca Liscio
DNA repair and sequence context affect 1O2-induced mutagenesis in bacteria.	Lucymara F. Agnez-Lima
DOA Estimation in the Uplink of Multicarrier CDMA Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
DROW: Real-Time Deep Learning based Wheelchair Detection in 2D Range Data.	Lucas Beyer
DSGeo: Software tools for cross-platform analysis of gene expression data in GEO.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
DSL Composition for model-based test generation.	Levi Lucio
DSValidator: An Automated Counterexample Reproducibility Tool for Digital Systems (Tool Demonstration).	Lucas C. Cordeiro
DTC Drives for Wide Speed Range Applications Using a Robust Flux-Weakening Algorithm.	Luca Zarri
DVB-T/H and T-DMB: Physical Layer Performance Comparison in Fast Mobile Channels.	Luca Rugini
DYSCS: A platform to build geographically and semantically enhanced social content sites.	Luciana Cavalcante de Menezes
DYSSS: A Dynamic and Context-Aware Security System for Shared Sensor Networks.	Luci Pirmez
Daily MODIS Land Surface Temperature Data for the Analysis of the Heat Requirements of Grapevine Varieties.	Luca Delucchi
Damped Techniques for the Limited Memory BFGS Method for Large-Scale Optimization.	Lucio Grandinetti
Dancing around the edges: the use of postmodern approaches in information behaviour research as evident in the published proceedings of the biennial ISIC conferences, 1996 - 2010.	Lucia Cedeira Serantes
Danger is My Middle Name: Experimenting with SSL Vulnerabilities in Android Apps.	Lucky Onwuzurike
Dantzig-Wolfe and Lagrangian decompositions in integer linear programming.	Lucas Létocart
Das EXCEPT-Projekt: Ein Erfahrungsbericht über die Erstellung eines Expertensystems zur Unterstützung von Umweltbewertungen.	Kai von Luck
Data Analysis of Delays in Airline Networks.	Lucian Ionescu
Data Confidentiality: to which extent cryptography and secured hardware can help.	Luc Bouganim
Data Fusion of Different Spatial Resolution Remote Sensing Images Applied to Forest-Type Mapping.	Lucia Maria Seebach
Data Mining and Machine Learning Techniques for the Identification of Mutagenicity Inducing Substructures and Structure Activity Relationships of Noncongeneric Compounds.	Luc De Raedt
Data Preservation at LEP	Luc Pape
Data Preservation at LEP	Luca Malgeri
Data Structures in Kernel Density Estimation.	Luc Devroye
Data and Workload Distribution in a Multithreaded Architecture.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Data and the clinical decision support loop.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Data and web management research at Politecnico di Milano.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Data bank homology search algorithm with linear computation complexity.	Luciano Milanesi
Data exchange: getting to the core.	Lucian Popa
Data exchange: semantics and query answering.	Lucian Popa
Data fusion and abductive inference for metaphor resolution: a bridging discussion.	Gian Luca Foresti
Data governance requirements for distributed clinical research networks: triangulating perspectives of diverse stakeholders.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Data handling strategies for high throughput pyrosequencers.	Luciano Milanesi
Data mining on temporal data: a visual approach and its clinical application to hemodialysis.	Luca Chittaro
Data mining with Temporal Abstractions: learning rules from time series.	Lucia Sacchi
Data organization in large numerical computations.	Jean Luc Bell
Data science and informatics: when it comes to biomedical data, is there a real distinction?	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Data-Driven Parallel Production Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Data-Driven Transit Network Design From Mobile Phone Trajectories.	Marco Luca Sbodio
Data-Intensive System Evolution.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Data-Parallel Load Balancing Strategies.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Data-Parallel Sparse Factorization.	Robert F. Lucas
Data-driven analysis of analogous brain networks in monkeys and humans during natural vision.	Gian Luca Romani
Data-driven informatics tools targeting patients and providers.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Data-flow transformations for critical path time reduction in high-level DSP synthesis.	Lori E. Lucke
Database Cooperation: Classification and Middleware Tools.	Luca Cabibbo
Database Reverse Engineering: From Requirements to CARE Tools.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Database Semantics Recovery through Analysis of Dynamic SQL Statements.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Database application evolution: A transformational approach.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Dataflow object detection system for FPGA-based smart camera.	Luca Maggiani
Datalog Rewritings of Regular Path Queries using Views.	Luc Segoufin
Dba-MAC: Dynamic Backbone-Assisted Medium Access Control Protocol for Efficient Broadcast in VANETs.	Luciano Bononi
De la Integración de Datos a la Integración de Servicios en los Sistemas Mediadores.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
DeLight-Net: Decomposing Reflectance Maps into Specular Materials and Natural Illumination.	Luc J. Van Gool
Deadline scheduling in the Linux kernel.	Luca Abeni
Deadlock Detection and Avoidance for Shared Logical Resources.	Anthony P. Lucido
Dealing with Semantic Application Integration within Large and Dynamic Enterprises.	Lucien Vincent
Death of a monster.	Fabrizio Luccio
Debugging Ada Tasking Programs.	David Luckham
Decay of Entanglement Due to Pure Dephasing: the Role of Geometry of Entangled States.	Lucjan Jacak
Decentralized Cooperative Policy for Conflict Resolution in Multivehicle Systems.	Lucia Pallottino
Decentralized control for dynamically reconfigurable FPGA systems.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Decentralized controllers for perimeter surveillance with teams of aerial robots.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Decentralized enterprise systems: a multiplatform wireless sensor network approach.	Luciana Moreira Sá de Souza
Decentralized optimization of last-mile delivery services with non-cooperative bounded rational customers.	Luce Brotcorne
Decidability of Reachability for Disjoint Union of Term Rewriting Systems.	Jean-Luc Coquidé
Decidable Characterization of FO2(<, +1) and locality of DA.	Luc Segoufin
Deciding definability in FO2(<h, <v) on trees.	Luc Segoufin
Deciding safety properties in infinite-state pi-calculus via behavioural types.	Lucia Acciai
Deciding validity in a spatial logic for trees.	Luca Cardelli
Decimated geometric filter for edge-preserving smoothing of non-white image noise.	Luciano Alparone
Decision dynamics in complex networks subject to mass media and social contact transmission mechanisms	Carlos Rodríguez-Lucatero
Decision equation for binary systems. Application to neuronal behavior.	A. Luca
Decision feedback multi-user detection for multitone CDMA.	Luc Vandendorpe
Decision making with natural language based preferences and psychology-inspired heuristics.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Decision making with natural language based preferences and psychology-inspired heuristics.	Michael Luck
Decision support system for classifying archaeological pottery profiles based on Mathematical Morphology.	Manuel J. Lucena
Decision-Directed Channel Estimation and High I/Q Imbalance Compensation in OFDM Receivers.	Jean-Luc Gautier
Decision-Theoretic Design Space Exploration of Multiprocessor Platforms.	Luca Fossati
Decision-level Fusion of Pca and Lda-based Face Recognition Algorithms.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Declarative Bias for Specific-to-General ILP Systems.	Luc De Raedt
Declarative planning in procedural agent architectures.	Michael Luck
Decoding Information From Neural Signals Recorded Using Intraneural Electrodes: Toward the Development of a Neurocontrolled Hand Prosthesis.	Luca Rossini
Decoding Information From Neural Signals Recorded Using Intraneural Electrodes: Toward the Development of a Neurocontrolled Hand Prosthesis.	Luca Denaro
Decoding Information From Neural Signals Recorded Using Intraneural Electrodes: Toward the Development of a Neurocontrolled Hand Prosthesis.	Luca Citi
Decoding stimulus-related information from single-trial EEG responses based on voltage topographies.	Marzia De Lucia
Decomposing 3D Objects in Simple Parts characterized by Rectilinear spines.	Luca Serino
Decomposing bytecode verification by abstract interpretation.	Luca Martini
Decomposing legacy programs: a first step towards migrating to client-server platforms.	Andrea De Lucia
Decomposing legacy programs: a first step towards migrating to client-server platforms.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Decomposing legacy systems into objects: an eclectic approach.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Decomposing legacy systems into objects: an eclectic approach.	Andrea De Lucia
Decomposition and technology mapping of speed-independent circuits using Boolean relations.	Luciano Lavagno
Decomposition of 3-connected cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Decompositions of two player games: potential, zero-sum, and stable games	Luc Rey-Bellet
Deconstructing Alice and Bob.	Luca Viganò 0001
Decontaminating Chordal Rings and Tori Using Mobile Agents.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Decontamination of hypercubes by mobile agents.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Decreased centrality of subcortical regions during the transition to adolescence: A functional connectivity study.	Luciana Monteiro Moura
Dedicated Circuits for the Generation of Windows in Image Processing Architectures.	Luca Breveglieri
Deep Big Simple Neural Nets Excel on Handwritten Digit Recognition	Luca Maria Gambardella
Deep Clustered Convolutional Kernels.	Luca Rigazio
Deep Convolutional Neural Networks and Data Augmentation for Acoustic Event Detection.	Luc Van Gool
Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for pedestrian detection.	Luca Baroffio
Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for pedestrian detection.	Luca Bondi
Deep Gaze I: Boosting Saliency Prediction with Feature Maps Trained on ImageNet.	Lucas Theis
Deep Retinal Image Understanding.	Luc J. Van Gool
Deep Structured Features for Semantic Segmentation.	Luca Benini
Deep convolutional neural networks for pedestrian detection.	Luca Baroffio
Deep convolutional neural networks for pedestrian detection.	Luca Bondi
Deep learning for plant identification using vein morphological patterns.	Lucas C. Uzal
Deep sulcal landmarks: Algorithmic and conceptual improvements in the definition and extraction of sulcal pits.	Lucile Brun
Deep, Big, Simple Neural Nets for Handwritten Digit Recognition.	Luca Maria Gambardella
DeepCAMP: Deep Convolutional Action & Attribute Mid-Level Patterns.	Luc Van Gool
DeepProposal: Hunting Objects by Cascading Deep Convolutional Layers.	Luc J. Van Gool
DeepProposals: Hunting Objects and Actions by Cascading Deep Convolutional Layers.	Luc Van Gool
Default probability estimation via pair copula constructions.	Luciana Dalla Valle
Defect prediction as a multiobjective optimization problem.	Andrea De Lucia
Defending Vulnerable Security Protocols by Means of Attack Interference in Non-Collaborative Scenarios.	Luca Viganò 0001
Definable relations and first-order query languages over strings.	Luc Segoufin
Defining the Web: The Politics of Search Engines.	Lucas D. Introna
Definition and Analysis of Index Organizations for Object-Oriented Database Systems.	Luca Chiesa
Definition and performance evaluation of a fault localization technique for an NGN IMS network.	Luca Monacelli
Definition of Effective Training Sets for Supervised Classification of Remote Sensing Images by a Novel Cost-Sensitive Active Learning Method.	Luca Minello
Deformable Model Fitting by Regularized Landmark Mean-Shift.	Simon Lucey
Defuzzification block: New algorithms, and efficient hardware and software implementation issues.	Caro Lucas
Degradation Mechanisms of InGaN Laser Diodes.	Lucja Marona
Delay analysis of a worst-case model of the MetaRing MAC protocol with local fairness.	Luciano Lenzini
Delay bounds for FIFO aggregates: a case study.	Luciano Lenzini
Delay-Based Dual-Rail Precharge Logic.	Luca Giancane
Delay-induced oscillatory dynamics of tumour-immune system interaction.	Luca Freschi
Delayed Response and Biosonar Perception Explain Movement Coordination in Trawling Bats.	Luca Giuggioli
Delbert Ray Fulkerson (August 14, 1924-January 10, 1976).	William F. Lucas
Delegation with supervision.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Deleting inconsistencies in nontransitive preference relations.	Luciano Basile
Deliberative DeLP agents with multiple informants.	Luciano Héctor Tamargo
Delving into Transition to the Semantic Web	Lucian Luca
Demand-Driven Interpretation of FP Programs on a Data-Flow Multiprocessor.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Demandness in Rewriting and Narrowing.	Salvador Lucas
Democratic Answers to Complex Questions - An Epistemic Perspective.	Luc Bovens
Demonstrating Business Value of Security Investments in the Age of Digitalization.	Lucas Cardholm
Demosaicing Based on Directional Difference Regression and Efficient Regression Priors.	Luc J. Van Gool
Denial-of-service attacks and countermeasures on BitTorrent.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Dense Semantic Correspondence where Every Pixel is a Classifier.	Simon Lucey
Dense Subsets of Pseudorandom Sets.	Luca Trevisan
Dense trees: a new look at degenerate graphs.	Fabrizio Luccio
Density Estimation of Functionals of Spatial Point Processes with Application to Wireless Networks.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Density estimation using game theory.	Luciano Méndez-Naya
Density functional theory for efficient ab initio molecular dynamics simulations in solution.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
Dependability issues in visual-haptic interfaces.	Luca Paolino
Deploying Dense Networks for Maximal Energy Efficiency: Small Cells Meet Massive MIMO.	Luca Sanguinetti
Deploying Dense Networks for Maximal Energy Efficiency: Small Cells Meet Massive MIMO.	Luca Sanguinetti
Deploying a network of smart cameras for traffic monitoring on a "city kernel".	Luca Calderoni
Depression in Parkinson's disease: Convergence from voxel-based morphometry and functional magnetic resonance imaging in the limbic thalamus.	Luciano M. Melo
Depth Properties of scaled attachment random recursive trees.	Luc Devroye
Depth-map-based scene analysis for active navigation in virtual angioscopy.	Antoine Lucas
Der DES-Nachfolger Rijndael.	Stefan Lucks
Derivation and analysis of a fluid-dynamical model in thin and long elastic vessels.	Luca Formaggia
Derivation digraphs for dependencies in ordinal and similarity-based data.	Lucie Urbanova
Derivative-Based Scale Invariant Image Feature Detector With Error Resilience.	Luc J. Van Gool
Derivative-Free Methods for Mixed-Integer Constrained Optimization Problems.	Stefano Lucidi
Derivative-Free Optimization Via Proximal Point Methods.	Yves Lucet
Derivative-Free Robust Optimization for Circuit Design.	Stefano Lucidi
Derivative-free methods for bound constrained mixed-integer optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Derivatives with Support and Applications.	Dinh The Luc
Deriving Petri Nets for Finite Transition Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Deriving distance metrics from generality relations.	Luc De Raedt
Deriving software architectural models from requirements models for adaptive systems: the STREAM-A approach.	Márcia Lucena
Deriving specifications from requirements through problem reduction.	Lucia Rapanotti
Des règles d'interaction comme modèle de contrôle en univers multi-agent.	Jean-Luc Koning
Descendants of Primitive Substitutions.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Describing Different Brain Computer Interface Systems Through a Unique Model: A UML Implementation.	Lucia Rita Quitadamo
Describing Semistructured Data.	Luca Cardelli
Describing and reasoning on Web Services using Process Algebra.	Lucas Bordeaux
Describing disease processes using a probabilistic logic of qualitative time.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Design Automation of Electronic Systems: Past Accomplishments and Challenges Ahead [Scanning the Issue].	Luca P. Carloni
Design Automation of Real-Life Asynchronous Devices and Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Design Issues and Considerations for Low-Cost 3-D TSV IC Technology.	Luca Benini
Design Methodologies and Innovative Architectures for Mixed-Signal Embedded Systems.	Luca Fanucci
Design Patterns as Aspects: A Quantitative Assessment.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Design Principles for Iterated Hash Functions.	Stefan Lucks
Design Space Pruning Through Early Estimations of Area/Delay Tradeoffs for FPGA Implementations.	Jean Luc Philippe
Design Validation of Embedded Dependable Systems.	Luca Simoncini
Design and Characterization of Solar-Assisted Heating Plant in Domestic Houses.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Design and Comparison of FFT VLSI Architectures for SoC Telecom Applications with Different Flexibility, Speed and Complexity Trade-Offs.	Luca Fanucci
Design and Deployment of an IoT Application-Oriented Testbed.	Luca Davoli
Design and Evaluation of Novel Textile Wearable Systems for the Surveillance of Vital Signals.	José Lucas
Design and Evaluation of a Low-Cost High-Performance ΣΔ ADC for Embedded Control Systems in Induction Heating Appliances.	Oscar Lucía
Design and Evaluation of a Robotic System for Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.	Lucile Zorn
Design and FPGA Prototyping of a H.264/AVC Main Profile.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Design and Fabrication of MJTCs on Quartz Substrates at NIST.	Luciana Scarioni
Design and Implementation of Components in the Earth System Modeling Framework.	Cecelia DeLuca
Design and Implementation of Data Abstraction Definition Facility.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Design and Implementation of Model Predictive Control for Electrical Motor Drives.	Luca Peretti
Design and Implementation of Secure Xenix.	Gary L. Luckenbaugh
Design and Implementation of an Affective ITS.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Design and Implementation of an Agent Home Scheme Strategy for Prefetch-Based DSM Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Design and Implementation of an Educational Testbed for Experiencing With Industrial Communication Networks.	Lucia Lo Bello
Design and Performance Analysis of the Generalized Timed Token Service Discipline.	Luciano Lenzini
Design and Performance Evaluation of a Distributed Contention Control (DCC) Mechanism for IEEE 802.11 Wireless Local Area Networks.	Luciano Bononi
Design and Performance of Space-Time Codes for Spatially Correlated MIMO Channels.	Luc Vandendorpe
Design and Safety Verification of a Distributed Charge Equalizer for Modular Li-Ion Batteries.	Luca Cassano
Design and Stability Analysis for Anytime Control via Stochastic Scheduling.	Luca Greco 0004
Design and Test of an HV-CMOS Intelligent Power Switch With Integrated Protections and Self-Diagnostic for Harsh Automotive Applications.	Luca Fanucci
Design and Validation of a Gain-Scheduled Controller for the Electronic Throttle Body in Ride-by-Wire Racing Motorcycles.	Luca Fabbri
Design and Verification of Hardware Building Blocks for High-Speed and Fault-Tolerant In-Vehicle Networks.	Luca Fanucci
Design and coverage-driven verification of a novel network-interface IP macrocell for network-on-chip interconnects.	Luca Fanucci
Design and evaluation of a hierarchical decoupled architecture.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Design and evaluation of an interactive training system for scrub nurses.	Lucas Koch
Design and evaluation of random linear network coding Accelerators on FPGAs.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Design and experimental validation of a second-order sliding-mode motion controller for robot manipulators.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
Design and implementation of a web-based Tailored Gymnasium to enhance self-management of Fibromyalgia.	Luca Camerini
Design and implementation of an enterprise grid.	Jean-Luc Lepesant
Design and implementation of spatial interweave LTE-TDD cognitive radio communication on an experimental platform.	Luc Deneire
Design and kinematic characterization of a surgical manipulator with a focus on treating osteolysis.	Blake C. Lucas
Design and multiobjective optimization of the parameters of switched reluctance motor.	Caro Lucas
Design and performance analysis of the Real-Time HCCA scheduler for IEEE 802.11e WLANs.	Luciano Lenzini
Design and performance evaluation of cross layered MAC and clustering solutions for wireless ad hoc networks.	Luca Casone
Design and performance evaluation of cross layered MAC and clustering solutions for wireless ad hoc networks.	Luciano Bononi
Design and retrofit of multiobjective batch plants via a multicriteria genetic algorithm.	Luc Pibouleau
Design and statistical analysis of a hybrid local search algorithm for course timetabling.	Luca Di Gaspero
Design and testing of a pulley and cable actuator for large ball valves.	Nicola Lucchesi
Design and testing of a pulley and cable actuator for large ball valves.	Luca Pugi
Design and usability evaluation of multimodal interaction with finite state machines: a conceptual framework.	Marie-Luce Bourguet
Design and use of a hypermedia system at the University level.	Jean-Luc Gurtner
Design concerns in the engineering of virtual worlds for learning.	Lucia Rapanotti
Design considerations for the gate circuit in distributed amplifiers.	Lucio Scucchia
Design eines pervasiven Lernspiels für Studienanfänger.	Ulrike Lucke
Design for dependability in emerging technologies.	Lucian Prodan
Design infusion at CHI 2007.	Bill Lucas
Design of 2.92-mm Coaxial Adiabatic Lines for Quasi-Ideal Twin Microcalorimeter.	Luciano Brunetti
Design of Balanced and Constant Weight Codes for VLSI Systems.	Luca G. Tallini
Design of Embedded Controllers Based on Anytime Computing.	Luca Greco 0004
Design of Experiments for Performance Evaluation and Parameter Tuning of a Road Image Processing Chain.	Yves Lucas
Design of Flower Constellations for Telecommunication Services.	Marco Lucente
Design of Interference-Resilient Medium Access for High Throughput WLANs.	Luca Reggiani
Design of Marx generators as a structured eigenvalue assignment.	Luca Zaccarian
Design of Self-Diagnosable Multiprocessor Systems with Concurrent Computation and Diagnosis.	Luca Simoncini
Design of Short, High-Rate DVB-S2-Like Semi-Regular LDPC Codes.	Luca Barletta
Design of Stabilizing Controllers With a Dynamic Gain for Feedforward Nonlinear Time-Delay Systems.	Luc Baron
Design of Ultra-Wideband Low-Noise Amplifiers in 45-nm CMOS Technology: Comparison Between Planar Bulk and SOI FinFET Devices.	Luca Selmi
Design of a Flexible Reactivation Cell for Safe Power-Mode Transition in Power-Gated Circuits.	Luca Benini
Design of a Low-Power VLSI Macrocell for Nonlinear Adaptive Video Noise Reduction.	Luca Fanucci
Design of a Neural Network Adaptive Controller via a Constrained Invariant Ellipsoids Technique.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Design of a RESTful Web Information System for Drug Prescription and Administration.	Lucia Ciofi
Design of a Solar-Harvesting Circuit for Batteryless Embedded Systems.	Luca Benini
Design of a cybernetic hand for perception and action.	Lucia Beccai
Design of a handheld electronic pain, treatment and activity diary.	Roger Luckmann
Design of a multimedia processor based on metrics computation.	Jean Luc Philippe
Design of a peer-to-peer system for optimized content replication.	Luca Caviglione
Design of a pseudo-log image transform hardware accelerator in a high-level synthesis-based memory management framework.	Luciano Lavagno
Design of an Aerospace Launch Vehicle Autopilot Based on Optimized Emotional Learning Algorithm.	Caro Lucas
Design of an Integrated Scanning Micromirror Driver in BCD Technology.	Luca Fanucci
Design of an Intelligent Agent for Personalization of Moodle's Contents.	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Design of an NoC Interface Macrocell with Hardware Support of Advanced Networking Functionalities.	Luca Fanucci
Design of an amplitude-bounded output feedback adaptive neural control with guaranteed componentwise performance.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Design of an emotional and social interaction paradigm for the animation of 3D characters: the case of a therapy for brain injured people (the mirror neuron paradigm).	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Design of computer experiments: space filling and beyond.	Luc Pronzato
Design of configurable I/O pin control block for improving reusability in multimedia SoC platforms.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Design of energy-efficient cloud systems via network and resource virtualization.	Luca Foschini
Design of micropower class AB transconductors: A systematic approach.	Lucía Acosta
Design of multimedia processor based on metric computation	Jean Luc Philippe
Design of some new efficient balanced codes.	Luca G. Tallini
Design of the processing node of the PTAH 64 parallel computer.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
Design pattern detection using a DSL-driven graph matching approach.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Design pattern detection using a DSL-driven graph matching approach.	Mario Luca Bernardi
Design pattern recovery through visual language parsing and source code analysis.	Andrea De Lucia
Design patterns from biology for distributed computing.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Design rationale capture for process improvement in the globalised enterprise: an industrial study.	Lucia Rapanotti
Design space exploration for high-level synthesis of multi-threaded applications.	Luca Gallo
Design, Analysis, and Hardware Emulation of a Novel Energy Conservation Scheme for Sensor Enhanced FiWi Networks (ECO-SFiWi).	Luca Valcarenghi
Design, Engineering, and	Luca Di Gaspero
Design, Implementation and Testing of a Flexible Fully-Digital transponder for low-Earth orbit satellite Communications.	Luca Cucchi
Design, Implementation and Testing of a Flexible Fully-Digital transponder for low-Earth orbit satellite Communications.	Luca Fanucci
Design, Implementation, and Performance Evaluation of a Flexible Low-Latency Nanowatt Wake-Up Radio Receiver.	Luca Benini
Design, engineering, and experimental analysis of a simulated annealing approach to the post-enrolment course timetabling problem.	Luca Di Gaspero
Design, implementation and verification through a real-time test-bed of a multi-rate CDMA adaptive interference mitigation receiver for satellite communication.	Luca Fanucci
Design, modelisation and optimisation of high efficiency miniature E-field probes performed on 3D ceramic prisms for SAR evaluation.	Jérôme Luc
Design, optimization and performance evaluation of a content distribution overlay for streaming.	Luca Caviglione
Design-Trotter: System-level dynamic estimation task a first step towards platform architecture selection.	Jean Luc Philippe
Designing Copyright TPM : A Mutant Digital Copyright.	Lucy Cradduck
Designing EPCIS through Linked Data and REST principles.	Lucia Ciofi
Designing Educational Systems Fit for Use: A Case Study in the Application of Human Centred Design for AIED.	Rosemary Luckin
Designing Educational Systems Fit for Use: A Case Study in the Application of Human Centred Design for AIED.	Lucinda Kerawalla
Designing Effective Feedback of Electricity Consumption for Mobile User Interfaces.	Luciano Gamberini
Designing Empathetic Animated Agents for a B-Learning Training Environment within the Electrical Domain.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Designing Energy-Efficient Wireless Access Networks: LTE and LTE-Advanced.	Luc Martens
Designing Fast Converging Cost Sharing Methods for Multicast Transmissions.	Luca Moscardelli
Designing Information Revelation and Intervention with an Application to Flow Control	Luca Canzian
Designing Meaningful Game Experiences for Rehabilitation and Sustainable Mobility Settings.	Lucia Pannese
Designing Multi-User MIMO for Energy Efficiency: When is Massive MIMO the Answer?	Luca Sanguinetti
Designing Parameterizable Hardware IPs in a Model-Based Design Environment for High-Level Synthesis.	Luciano Lavagno
Designing Serious Games for Safety Education: "Learn to Brace" versus Traditional Pictorials for Aircraft Passengers.	Luca Chittaro
Designing Wireless Broadband Access for Energy Efficiency: Are Small Cells the Only Answer?	Luca Sanguinetti
Designing a Highly Immersive Interactive Environment: The Virtual Mine.	Luciano P. Soares
Designing a risk-informed balanced system by genetic algorithms: Comparison of different balancing criteria.	Luca Podofillini
Designing a system infrastructure for distributed programs.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Designing an asynchronous microcontroller using Pipefitter.	Luciano Lavagno
Designing an extension API for bridging Ginga iDTV applications and home services.	Vicente Ferreira de Lucena Jr.
Designing and implementing an Spatial Augmented Reality X-Ray.	Lucas P. Trias
Designing best effort networks-on-chip to meet hard latency constraints.	Luca Benini
Designing effective collaboration, learning and innovation systems for education professionals.	A. Marco Luccini
Designing presence for real locomotion in immersive virtual environments: an affordance-based experiential approach.	Luca Turchet
Designing self-organising environments with agents and artefacts: a simulation-driven approach.	Luca Gardelli
Designing with the User - Book Review.	Lucy A. Suchman
Desktop versus web-based network management.	Luca Deri
Desynchronization: Synthesis of Asynchronous Circuits From Synchronous Specifications.	Luciano Lavagno
Detailed Mechanism of Squalene Epoxidase Inhibition by Terbinafine.	Lucjan Stanislaw Wyrwicz
Detailed Modeling of MAC Throughput and Ranges for Mobile WiMAX.	Luc Martens
Detailed analysis of the effects of stencil spatial variations with arbitrary high-order finite-difference Maxwell solver.	Jean-Luc Vay
Details of development of the resource for adults with asthma in the RAISIN (randomized trial of an asthma internet self-management intervention) study.	Lucy Yardley
Details on the Design of a Lockable Spherical Joint for Robotic Applications.	Luca Carbonari
Detección de destacados eventos en un corpus grande combinando técnicas para PLN y minería de datos.	Jean-Luc Minel
Detecting Chains of Vulnerabilities in Industrial Networks.	Luca Durante
Detecting Cross-cultural Differences Using a Multilingual Topic Model.	Luca Gilardi
Detecting Series Periodicity with Horizontal Visibility Graphs.	Lucas Lacasa
Detecting and understanding genetic and structural features in HIV-1 B subtype V3 underlying HIV-1 co-receptor usage.	Lucia Parrotta
Detecting approximate clones in business process model repositories.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Detecting biological network organization and functional gene orthologs.	Todd F. DeLuca
Detecting elliptical structures in underwater images.	Gian Luca Foresti
Detecting inappropriate access to electronic health records using collaborative filtering.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Detecting moving people in video streams.	Gian Luca Foresti
Detecting multiple objects under partial occlusion by integrating classification and tracking approaches.	Gian Luca Foresti
Detecting pruning of individual stems using Airborne Laser Scanning data captured from an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle.	Arko Lucieer
Detecting rare events using extreme value statistics applied to epileptic convulsions in children.	Stijn Luca
Detecting synchronisation of biological oscillators by model checking.	Luca Tesei
Detecting, tracking and predicting human motion inside an industrial robotic cell using a map-based particle filtering strategy.	Luca Bascetta
Detection and Localization of Stator Resistance Dissymmetry Based on Multiple Reference Frame Controllers in Multiphase Induction Motor Drives.	Luca Zarri
Detection and Segmentation of Colonic Polyps on Implicit Isosurfaces by Second Principal Curvature Flow.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Detection and analysis of resource usage anomalies in large distributed systems through multi-scale visualization.	Lucas Mello Schnorr
Detection and resolution of conflicting change operations in version management of process models.	Markus Luckey
Detection and sequence/structure mapping of biophysical constraints to protein variation in saturated mutational libraries and protein sequence alignments with a dedicated server.	Luciano A. Abriata
Detection of Vesicoureteral Reflux Using Microwave Radiometry - System Characterization With Tissue Phantoms.	Valeria De Luca
Detection of Viruses Via Statistical Gene Expression Analysis.	Joseph E. Lucas
Detection of changed regional cerebral blood flow in mild cognitive impairment and early Alzheimer's dementia by perfusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging.	Christian Luckhaus
Detection of prokaryotic promoters from the genomic distribution of hexanucleotide pairs.	Luc Gaudreau
Detection of the discrete convexity of polyominoes.	Jean-Luc Remy
Detection, isolation, and identification of sensor faults in nuclear power plants.	Jean-Luc Germain
Detecção e Correção Automática de Estilos de Aprendizagem em Sistemas Adaptativos para Educação.	Luciano Vieira Lima
Determinantal Expression and Recursion for Jack Polynomials.	Luc Lapointe
Determinants of Brain Cell Metabolic Phenotypes and Energy Substrate Utilization Unraveled with a Modeling Approach.	Luc Pellerin
Determination of a material constant in the impedance boundary condition for electromagnetic fields.	Luc Dupré
Determination of the aeroelastic transfer functions for streamlined bodies by means of a Navier-Stokes solver.	Luca Bruno
Determination of the thermal resistance and current exponent of heterojunction bipolar transistors for reliability evaluation.	Luc De Schepper
Determination of weights of interacting criteria from a reference set.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Determining accurate and reliable motion fields for motion-compensated interpolation.	Luc Van Eycken
Determining groups from the clique structure in large social networks.	Lucia Falzon
Determining the Composition of a portfolio Management from a Groupings Model.	Luciano Barcellos de Paula
Deterministic Order-Up-To Level Policies in an Inventory Routing Problem.	Luca Bertazzi
Deterministic Sampling-Based Motion Planning: Optimality, Complexity, and Performance.	Lucas Janson
Deterministic finite automata characterization and optimization for scalable pattern matching.	Lucas Vespa
Developer's Dilemma: The Secret World of Videogame Creators, by Casey O'Donnell.	Christian Lucia
Developing Domain-Knowledge Evolutionary Algorithms for Network-on-Chip Application Mapping.	Lucian Vintan
Developing Educational Software: A Professional Tool Perspective.	Lucio E. Rehbein
Developing Feature Types and Related Catalogues for the Marine Community - Lessons from the MOTIIVE project.	Irene Lucius
Developing Web Databases for Aboriginal Language Preservation.	Radu Luchian
Developing an Online Counseling Skills Course.	Kyle Lucas
Developing an audio-visual speech source separation algorithm.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Developing an electronic health record (EHR) for methadone treatment recording and decision support.	Lucy Hederman
Developing legacy system migration methods and tools for technology transfer.	Andrea De Lucia
Developing multi-agent system product lines: from requirements to code.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Developing novel liquid crystal technologies for display and photonic applications.	Luciano De Sio
Developing strategic and reasoning abilities with computer games at primary school level.	Lucia Ferlino
Developing visualisation software for rehabilitation: Investigating the requirements of patients, therapists and the rehabilitation process.	Lucy Jones
Development Flow for On-Line Core Self-Test of Automotive Microcontrollers.	Sergio de Luca
Development and Characterization of a Diamond-Insulated Graphitic Multi Electrode Array Realized with Ion Beam Lithography.	Luca Croin
Development and Evaluation of a Groupware System to Support Chemical Design Processes.	Holger Luczak
Development and NMR validation of minimal pharmacophore hypotheses for the generation of fragment libraries enriched in heparanase inhibitors.	Antonio Pineda-Lucena
Development and Navigation of a Mobile Robot for Floating Production Storage and Offloading Ship Hull Inspection.	Luciano Luporini Menegaldo
Development and evaluation of a fuzzy logic classifier for assessing beef cattle thermal stress using weather and physiological variables.	Luciane Silva Martello
Development and evaluation of a system enhancing Second Life to support synchronous role-based collaborative learning.	Andrea De Lucia
Development and evaluation of a virtual campus on Second Life: The case of SecondDMI.	Andrea De Lucia
Development and reduction of a fault tree for gearboxes of heavy commercial vehicles based on identification of critical components.	Kátia Lucchesi Cavalca
Development and validation of the Italian version of the Mobile Application Rating Scale and its generalisability to apps targeting primary prevention.	Lucia Arata
Development of Gated Pinned Avalanche Photodiode Pixels for High-Speed Low-Light Imaging.	Luc Haspeslagh
Development of Learning Styles and Multiple Intelligences through Particle Swarm Optimization.	Lucas M. Franco
Development of Micro-Grippers for Tissue and Cell Manipulation with Direct Morphological Comparison.	Franco Lucchese
Development of a Hardware Platform for Detection of Milk Adulteration Based on Near-Infrared Diffuse Reflection.	Lucas de Souza Ribeiro
Development of a Hardware Platform for Detection of Milk Adulteration Based on Near-Infrared Diffuse Reflection.	Ana Lucia de Souza Madureira Felicio
Development of a New Tool for 3D Modeling for Regenerative Medicine.	Lucia Crispoltoni
Development of a Novel Robot for Transperineal Needle Based Interventions: Focal Therapy, Brachytherapy and Prostate Biopsies	Jean-Luc Descotes
Development of a benchmark corpus to support the automatic extraction of drug-related adverse effects from medical case reports.	Luca Toldo
Development of a small and flexible sensor-based respirometer for real-time determination of respiration rate, respiratory quotient and low O2 limit of fresh produce.	Alexandru Luca
Development of an AMR-ACB Array for Gastrointestinal Motility Studies.	Luciana A. Corá
Development of an auxiliary system for the execution of vascular catheter interventions with a reduced radiological risk; system description and first experimental results.	Luca Marsili
Development of an underwater riser inspection robot.	Luciano Luporini Menegaldo
Development of functional and structural connectivity within the default mode network in young children.	Lucina Q. Uddin
Development of intelligent service robots.	Luca Iocchi
Development of miniaturized light endoscope-holder robot for laparoscopic surgery	Jean-Luc Descotes
DiSC: Benchmarking Secure Chip DBMS.	Luc Bouganim
Diagnosing Tim-Varying Misbehavior: An Approach Based on Model Decomposition.	Luca Console
Diagnosing behavioral differences between business process models: An approach based on event structures.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Diagnosis of dyslexia with low quality data with genetic fuzzy systems.	Luciano Sánchez
Diagnosis with a function-fault model.	Luc Steels
Diagnosis: Philosophical and medical perspectives : Nathaniel Laor and Joseph Agassi, (Kluwer, Dordrecht, 1990) XVIII + 262 pp., hardcover, US $ 68.00.	Luc P. Lindström
Diagnostic accuracy of chest X-rays acquired using a digital camera for low-cost teleradiology.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Diagnostic des connaissances et rétroaction épistémique adaptative en chirurgie.	Lucile Vadcard
Diagonal Unloading Beamforming for Source Localization.	Gian Luca Foresti
Dialogue-based modeling of rich internet applications: the Rich-IDM approach.	Luca Mainetti
Dialoguing on Julesz's Latest Masterpiece: A Personal Review of Dialogues on Perception.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Diamonds are Not a Minimum Weight Triangulation's Best Friend.	Luc Devroye
Didactic Considerations on Magnetic Circuits Excited by Permanent Magnets.	Luca Sani
Die Dokumentenbeschreibungssprache der Wissenserkstatt Rechenssyteme.	Ulrike Lucke
Die Kommunikationsplattform BERKOM für multimediale Anwendungen.	Thomas Luckenbach
Die Konzeption des EXCEPT-Systems: Ein überblick	Kai von Luck
Die Multilingual Lexical Linked Data Cloud: Eine mögliche Zugangsoptimierung?	Ernesto William De Luca
Die Strukturanalyse von Formelübersetzern.	Peter Lucas
Die dritte AES-Konferenz in New York - Vor der Entscheidung über den DES Nachfolger.	Stefan Lucks
Dienste-basierte Kopplung von virtueller und Präsenzlehre.	Ulrike Lucke
Differential Cryptanalysis of Reduced-Round Simon.	Stefan Lucks
Differential Involvement of Somatosensory and Interoceptive Cortices during the Observation of Affective Touch.	Gian Luca Romani
Differential approaches for computing Euclidean diagonal norm balanced realizations in control theory.	Luciano Lopez
Differential automatic diagnosis between Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia based on perfusion SPECT images.	Lucette Lacomblez
Differential energy saving algorithms in a distributed router architecture.	Luca Giraudo
Differential methods for the identification of 2D and 3D motion models in image sequences.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Differential network analysis for the identification of condition-specific pathway activity and regulation.	Luca Cardone
Differential-Private Data Publishing Through Component Analysis.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Differential-algebraic cryptanalysis of reduced-round of Serpent-256.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Diffusion of Innovation Simulation Using an Evolutionary Algorithm.	Luciano Sampaio
Digging deep into weighted patient data through multiple-level patterns.	Luca Cagliero
Digital Heart-Rate Variability Parameter Monitoring and Assessment ASIC.	Luca Macchiarulo
Digital Information: Order or Anarchy?	Lucy A. Tedd
Digital Median Filters.	Luca Breveglieri
Digital Records Forensics: A New Science and Academic Program for Forensic Readiness.	Luciana Duranti
Digital circles, spheres and hyperspheres: From morphological models to analytical characterizations and topological properties.	Jean-Luc Toutant
Digital elevation models of the Moon from Earth-based radar interferometry.	Jean-Luc Margot
Digital image forensics: a booklet for beginners.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Digital inclusion and Cyberart: The case of project Proeja transiarte tube.	Lucio França Teles
Digital storytelling at school: what kind of educational benefits?	Luca Ferrari
Digital storytelling for social and international development: from special education to vulnerable children.	Luca Botturi
Digitisation of local heritage: Local studies collections and digitisation in public libraries.	Lucy Smith
Dijkstra Graphs.	Lucila Maria Souza Bento
Dilemma First Search for Effortless Optimization of NP-Hard Problems.	Luc Van Gool
Dimension reduction for model-based clustering via mixtures of multivariate $$t$$ t -distributions.	Luca Scrucca
Dimension reduction for model-based clustering.	Luca Scrucca
Dimensioning Models of Shared Resources for Optical Packet Switching in Unbalanced Input/Output Traffic Scenarios.	Luca Silvio Bovo
Direct Georeferencing of Ultrahigh-Resolution UAV Imagery.	Arko Lucieer
Direct Induction of Compact Rule-Based Classifiers for Resource Mapping.	Paul G. Luckman
Direct Visual Odometry using Bit-Planes.	Simon Lucey
Direct adaptive control subject to input amplitude constraint.	Luc Dugard
Direct and Inverse Eigenvalue Problems for Diagonal-Plus-Semiseparable Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Direct blue noise resampling of meshes of arbitrary topology.	Jean-Luc Peyrot
Direct event location techniques based on Adams multistep methods for discontinuous ODEs.	Luciano Lopez
Direct measurements in Nuclear Astrophysics: ERNA and LUNA.	Lucio Gialanella
Direct range measurement by linear stereovision for real-time obstacle detection in road traffic.	Jean-Luc Bruyelle
Direct-reading absolute calibration of AC voltage ratio standards.	Luca Callegaro
Direction matters: hand pose estimation from local surface normals.	Luc Van Gool
Directional low-pass filtering for improved accuracy and reproducibility of stenosis quantification in coronary arteriograms.	Richard J. Lucariello
Dirty Pages of Logarithm Tables, Lifetime of the Universe, and (Subjective) Probabilities on Finite and Infinite Intervals.	Luc Longpré
Disambiguating localization symmetry through a Multi-Clustered Particle Filtering.	Luca Iocchi
Disambiguation Data: Extracting Information from Anonymized Sources.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Discharge Current Steering for Battery Lifetime Optimization.	Luca Benini
Disciplining Information Systems: Truth and its Regimes.	Lucas D. Introna
Disclosing user relationships in email networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Discontinuity of the trapezoidal fuzzy number-valued operators preserving core.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Discontinuous Galerkin Methods for Anisotropic Semidefinite Diffusion with Advection.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Discontinuous Galerkin Methods for Friedrichs' Systems. I. General theory.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Discontinuous Galerkin Methods for Friedrichs' Systems. Part II. Second-order Elliptic PDEs.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Discontinuous Galerkin Methods for Friedrichs' Systems. Part III. Multifield Theories with Partial Coercivity.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Discontinuous Neural Networks for Finite-Time Solution of Time-Dependent Linear Equations.	Luca Pancioni
Discontinuous dynamical systems: Theory and numerical methods.	Luciano Lopez
Discovering Beautiful Attributes for Aesthetic Image Analysis.	Luca Marchesotti
Discovering Chasing Behavior in Moving Object Trajectories.	Fernando de Lucca Siqueira
Discovering Coherent Biclusters from Gene Expression Data Using Zero-Suppressed Binary Decision Diagrams.	Luca Benini
Discovering Europeana Users' Search Behavior.	Claudio Lucchese
Discovering Knowledge Through Visual Analysis.	Lucy T. Nowell
Discovering Linkage Points over Web Data.	Lucian Popa
Discovering Order in Chaos: Using a Heuristic Ontology to Derive Spatio-Temporal Sequences for Cadastral Data.	Luciene Delazari
Discovering Semantic Web services using SPARQL and intelligent agents.	Marco Luca Sbodio
Discovering Team Structures in Soccer from Spatiotemporal Data.	Patrick Lucey
Discovering Temporal Change Patterns in the Presence of Taxonomies.	Luca Cagliero
Discovering beautiful attributes for aesthetic image analysis.	Luca Marchesotti
Discovering generalized association rules from Twitter.	Luca Cagliero
Discovering novel subsystems using comparative genomics.	Luciana Ferrer
Discovering tasks from search engine query logs.	Claudio Lucchese
Discovering the Competitors.	Luc Steels
Discovering usage behaviors and engagement in an Educational Virtual World.	Emiliana Pizarro Lucas
Discovery of Frequent DATALOG Patterns.	Luc Dehaspe
Discovery of novel polyamine analogs with anti-protozoal activity by computer guided drug repositioning.	Lucas N. Alberca
Discrepancy norm: Approximation and variations.	Jean-Luc Bouchot
Discrete Event Simulation to Improve Log Yard Operations.	Luc LeBel
Discrete Integrals Based on Comonotonic Modularity.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Discrete event simulation of reactive knowledge based systems.	Lucile Torres
Discrete fourier transform-based TOA estimation in UWB systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Discrete time-optimal command shaping.	Lucy Y. Pao
Discrete-Time Financial Planning Models Under Loss-Averse Preferences.	André Lucas
Discrete-time battery models for system-level low-power design.	Luca Benini
Discrete-time filtering via charge routing networks.	Luca Benvenuti
Discrete-time redundancy resolution at the velocity level with acceleration/torque optimization properties.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Discretely Exact Derivatives for Hyperbolic PDE-Constrained Optimization Problems Discretized by the Discontinuous Galerkin Method.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Discretization of continuous predictor variables in Bayesian networks: An ecological threshold approach.	Paloma Lucena-Moya
Discriminación y predicción de propiedades de fármacos mediante redes neuronales.	Juan Lucas Domínguez Rubio
Discriminant neural predictive coding applied to phoneme recognition.	Jean-Luc Zarader
Discriminating image textures with the multiscale two-dimensional complexity-entropy causality plane.	Luciano Zunino
Discrimination and calibration of mortality risk prediction models in interventional cardiology.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Discrimination of Water Surfaces, Heavy Rainfall, and Wet Snow Using COSMO-SkyMed Observations of Severe Weather Events.	Luca Pulvirenti
Discussion of "On simulation and properties of the stable law" by L. Devroye and L. James.	Lucio Barabesi
Discussion of "On simulation and properties of the stable law" by L. Devroye and L. James.	Luca Pratelli
Discussion on: "Power Flow Control of a Doubly-Fed Induction Machine Coupled to a Flywheel".	Lucia Russo
Diseño e Implementación de un Sistema de Aprendizaje Inteligente y Afectivo para la enseñanza de las matemáticas del segundo año de primaria.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Dismantling real-world ECC with Horizontal and Vertical Template Attacks.	Jean-Luc Danger
Display Techniques and Methods for Cross-medial Data Analysis.	Luciano Gamberini
Displaying Trace Files.	Paul J. Lucas
Disrupting and transforming the university.	Henry Lucas
Disruption of Broca's Area Alters Higher-order Chunking Processing during Perceptual Sequence Learning.	Luciano Fadiga
Disruptive technology: How Kodak missed the digital photography revolution.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Dissect: detection and characterization of novel structural alterations in transcribed sequences.	Lucas Swanson
Dissecting complex transcriptional responses using pathway-level scores based on prior information.	Lucas D. Ward
Disseminating informatics knowledge and training the next generation of leaders.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Dissemination of safety messages in IEEE 802.11p/WAVE vehicular network: Analytical study and protocol enhancements.	Luciano Bononi
Dissociable causal roles for left and right parietal cortex in controlling attentional biases from the contents of working memory.	John Lucas
Distance on Hesagonal Grid.	Ed Luczak
Distance-Driven Skeletonization in Voxel Images.	Luca Serino
Distances and Finger Search in Random Binary Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
Distances between pairs of vertices and vertical profile in conditioned Galton-Watson trees.	Luc Devroye
Distillation pinch points and more.	Angelo Lucia
Distinct brain mechanisms for conscious versus subliminal error detection.	Lucie Charles
Distinct representations of phonemes, syllables, and supra-syllabic sequences in the speech production network.	Jean-Luc Anton
Distinctive Personality Traits of Information Technology Professionals.	Lucy W. Gibson
Distinctive aspects of mobile interaction and their implications for the design of multimodal interfaces.	Luca Chittaro
Distinguishing Topical and Social Groups Based on Common Identity and Bond Theory.	Luca Maria Aiello
Distributed Binary Consensus in Networks with Disturbances.	Lucio Marcenaro
Distributed Cardinality Estimation in Anonymous Networks.	Luca Schenato
Distributed Collision-free Protocol for AGVs in Industrial Environments	Lucia Pallottino
Distributed Compressive Sampling for Lifetime Optimization in Dense Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Benini
Distributed Coordination and Workflow on the World Wide Web.	Jean-Luc Meunier
Distributed Coordination in Heterogeneous Multi-Robot Systems.	Luca Iocchi
Distributed Description Logics: Assimilating Information from Peer Sources.	Luciano Serafini
Distributed First Order Logic.	Luciano Serafini
Distributed Graph Clustering by Load Balancing.	Luca Zanetti
Distributed Kalman filtering based on consensus strategies.	Luca Schenato
Distributed Management of Massive Data: an Efficient Fine-Grain Data Access Scheme	Luc Bougé
Distributed Morality in an Information Society.	Luciano Floridi
Distributed Multilevel Hierarchic Strategy for Broadcast Collaborative Mobile Networks.	Luca Geretti
Distributed Optimization for Model Predictive Control of Linear-Dynamic Networks.	Lucas Barcelos de Oliveira
Distributed Parallel Strategies for Industrial CFD Solvers: A Case Study and Analysis of Performances.	Luca Stolcis
Distributed Power Allocation with SINR Constraints Using Trial and Error Learning	Luca Rose
Distributed Random Convex Programming via Constraints Consensus.	Luca Carlone
Distributed Sensor Fusion for Wire Fault Location Using Sensor Clustering Strategy.	Luca Incarbone
Distributed algorithms for sum rate maximization in multi-cell downlink OFDMA with opportunistic DF relaying.	Luc Vandendorpe
Distributed centroid estimation from noisy relative measurements.	Luca Carlone
Distributed collaborative situation-map making for disaster response.	Lucy T. Gunawan
Distributed computing and the multicore revolution.	Victor Luchangco
Distributed directory service and message routing for mobile agents.	Luc Moreau
Distributed evolutionary algorithms for simulation optimization.	Jean-Luc Paris
Distributed media-aware flow scheduling in cloud computing environment.	Lucas D. P. Mendes
Distributed mobility management for future 5G networks: overview and analysis of existing approaches.	Luca Cominardi
Distributed motion misbehavior detection in teams of heterogeneous aerial robots.	Lucia Pallottino
Distributed mutual exclusion algorithms for grid applications: A hierarchical approach.	Luciana Bezerra Arantes
Distributed online flash-crowd detection in P2P swarming systems.	Lucia D'Acunto
Distributed parametric and nonparametric regression with on-line performance bounds computation.	Luca Schenato
Distributed planning and control systems for the virtual enterprise: organizational requirements and development life-cycle.	António Lucas Soares
Distributed power control over interference channels using ACK/NACK feedback.	Luca Sanguinetti
Distributed programming framework for fast iterative optimization in networked cyber-physical systems.	Lucas Francisco Wanner
Distributed recursive learning for shape recognition through multiscale trees.	Luca Lombardi
Distributed source coding using raptor codes for hidden Markov sources.	Luc Vandendorpe
Distributed stochastic optimization via matrix exponential learning.	Luca Sanguinetti
Distributed temporal logic for the analysis of security protocol models.	Luca Viganò 0001
Distributed visual information management in astronomy.	Jean-Luc Starck
Distributed, Concurrent, and Independent Access to Encrypted Cloud Databases.	Luca Ferretti
Distributing Shared Regenerator Information in GMPLS-Controlled Translucent Networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
Distribution of Electrical Stimulation Current in a Planar Multilayer Anisotropic Tissue.	Luca Mesin
Distribution of L-values in gray-mapped M2-QAM: closed-form approximations and applications.	Luciano Ahumada
Distribution-free inequalities for the deleted and holdout error estimates.	Luc Devroye
Distribution-free performance bounds for potential function rules.	Luc Devroye
Distribution-free performance bounds with the resubstitution error estimate (Corresp.).	Luc Devroye
Distributional Clauses Particle Filter.	Luc De Raedt
Districting for salt spreading operations.	Luc Muyldermans
Disturbance Decoupled Observers for Systems With Unknown Inputs.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Diversity of Cortical States at nonequilibrium Simulated by the Anti-Ferromagnetic Ising Model under Metropolis Dynamics.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Diversity-Integration Trade-offs in MIMO Detection	Luca Venturino
Diversity-Integration Tradeoffs in MIMO Detection.	Luca Venturino
Diversity-Multiplexing Tradeoff Analysis for OFDM Systems With Subcarrier Grouping, Linear Precoding, and Linear Detection.	Luca Venturino
Diversity-aware classifier ensemble selection via f-score.	Gian Luca Foresti
Division of trinomials by pentanomials and orthogonal arrays.	Lucia Moura
Do Medical Students Assess the Credibility of Online or Downloadable Medical Reference Resources?	Lucie M. Byrne-Davis
Do Scopus and WoS correct "old" omitted citations?	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Do activity lifecycles affect the validity of a business rule in a business process?	Mario Luca Bernardi
Do categories have politics?	Lucy A. Suchman
Do fourth graders integrate text and picture in processing and learning from an illustrated science text? Evidence from eye-movement patterns.	Lucia Mason
DockAFM: benchmarking protein structures by docking under AFM topographs.	Jean-Luc Pellequer
Docking Ligands into Flexible and Solvated Macromolecules. 2. Development and Application of Fitted 1.5 to the Virtual Screening of Potential HCV Polymerase Inhibitors.	Lucille L'Heureux
Documenting collaborative learning: what should be measured and how?	Rosemary Luckin
Does Sleep Promote False Memories?	Luca Matarazzo
Does Traffic Consolidation Always Lead to Network Energy Savings?	Luca Tavanti
Does V-NIR based Image Enhancement Come with Better Features?	Luc Van Gool
Does a diol cyclic urea inhibitor of HIV-1 protease bind tighter than its corresponding alcohol form? A study by free energy perturbation and continuum electrostatics calculations.	George V. De Lucca
Does intensity windowing improve the detection of simulated calcifications in dense mammograms?	Marla DeLuca
Does software error/defect identification matter in the italian industry?	Andrea De Lucia
Doing business abroad: utility function model for country selection in preliminary screening phase.	Lucia Bosáková
Doing the Right Thing or Doing the Thing Right: Allocating Resources Between Marketing Research and Manufacturing.	Marilyn T. Lucas
Domain Engineering to Ensure Flexibility on Interaction Laws of Multi-Agent Systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Domain-general Signals in the Cingulo-opercular Network for Visuospatial Attention and Episodic Memory.	Gian Luca Romani
DomainSieve: a protein domain-based screen that led to the identification of dam-associated genes with potential link to DNA maintenance.	Jean-Luc Ferat
Domains occur among spaces as strict algebras among lax.	Rory B. B. Lucyshyn-Wright
Domestic Service Robots in the Real World.	Luca Iocchi
Domination Subdivision Numbers.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Domination and total domination critical trees with respect to relative complements.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Domination and total domination in complementary prisms.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Domination, coloring and stability in P5-reducible graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Dopamine D2-like Receptor Activation Wipes Out Preferential Consolidation of High over Low Reward Memories during Human Sleep.	Luciana Besedovsky
Dose Optimization in Chest Radiography: System and Model Characterization via Experimental Investigation.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Doubly coprime factorization revisited.	V. M. Lucic
Downlink beamforming for cellular mobile communications (gsm system).	Luc Fety
Downlink performance analysis of a BPSK-based WCDMA using conventional RAKE receivers with channel estimation.	Luc Vandendorpe
Downlink resource allocation strategies for OFDMA based mobile WiMAX.	André-Luc Beylot
Drag-Free Control of the GOCE Satellite: Noise and Observer Design.	Luca Massotti
Drawing Bipartite Graphs on Two Parallel Convex Curves.	Luca Grilli
Drawing Directed Acyclic Graphs: An Experimental Study.	Luca Vismara
Drawings of Non-planar Graphs with Crossing-free Subgraphs.	Luca Grilli
Drift Detection and Removal for Sequential Structure from Motion Algorithms.	Luc J. Van Gool
Drop Cost and Wavelength Optimal Two-Period Grooming with Ratio 4.	Lucia Gionfriddo
Drums, curve descriptors and affine invariant region matching.	Luca Bertelli
Dual Systems of Tableaux and Sequents for PLTL.	Paqui Lucio
Dual-Output Boost Resonant Full-Bridge Topology and its Modulation Strategies for High-Performance Induction Heating Applications.	Oscar Lucía
Dual-channel iterative even-median filter.	Luciano Alparone
Dual-driver standing wave tube: acoustic impedance matching with robust repetitive control.	Luc G. Mongeau
Duality, projectivity, and unification in Łukasiewicz logic and MV-algebras.	Luca Spada
Dually Optimal Neuronal Layers: Lobe Component Analysis.	Matthew D. Luciw
Dueling Algorithms	Brendan Lucier
Duration estimation entails predicting when.	Lucille Lecoutre
Duty Cycle Analysis to Drive Intelligent Actuator Development.	Lucas Ryan Koran
Dyck algebras, interval temporal logic and posets of intervals.	Luca Ferrari
DynaNewton - Accelerating Newton's Method for Machine Learning.	Aurélien Lucchi
Dynamic Bayesian networks as prognostic models for clinical patient management.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Dynamic Contrast-Enhanced MRI in the Study of Brain Tumors. Comparison Between the Extended Tofts-Kety Model and a Phenomenological Universalities (PUN) Algorithm.	Luca Roccatagliata
Dynamic Contrast-Enhanced MRI in the Study of Brain Tumors. Comparison Between the Extended Tofts-Kety Model and a Phenomenological Universalities (PUN) Algorithm.	Lucio Castellan
Dynamic Control of Coding for Progressive Packet Arrivals in DTNs.	Lucile Sassatelli
Dynamic Countermeasure Against the Zero Power Analysis.	Jean-Luc Danger
Dynamic Dictionary Matching in External Memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
Dynamic EDCF Parameters for QoS Control in IEEE 802.11 Hot Spots.	Luci Pirmez
Dynamic Exploration of Networks: from general principles to the traceroute process	Luca Dall'Asta
Dynamic Feedback Control of XYnR Planar Robots with n Rotational Passive Joints.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Dynamic Filter Networks.	Luc Van Gool
Dynamic IEEE 802.21 information server mesh architecture for heterogeneous networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Dynamic Max-Min fairness in ring networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Dynamic Memory Allocation for Large Query Execution.	Luc Bouganim
Dynamic Network Drivers of Seizure Generation, Propagation and Termination in Human Neocortical Epilepsy.	Timothy H. Lucas
Dynamic Particle Coating.	Annie Luciani
Dynamic Patterns: The Self-organization of Brain and Behavior: J.A. Scott Kelso, MIT Press, 1997, 334pp., ISBN 0-262-11200-0 (HB).	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Dynamic Power Management for Nonstationary Service Requests.	Luca Benini
Dynamic Programming Strategies for the Traveling Salesman Problem with Time Window and Precedence Constraints.	Lucio Bianco
Dynamic Rate Shaping on MPEG-2 Video Streams for Bandwidth Saving on a Faded Satellite Channel.	Maurizio Lucenteforte
Dynamic Reconfiguration in Camera Networks: A Short Survey.	Gian Luca Foresti
Dynamic Resource Allocation for MIMO Cognitive Networks With Low Control Traffic and Low Computational Complexity.	Luc Vandendorpe
Dynamic Scene Understanding for Behavior Analysis Based on String Kernels.	Luc Brun
Dynamic Thermal Clock Skew Compensation Using Tunable Delay Buffers.	Luca Benini
Dynamic Typing in Polymorphic Languages.	Luca Cardelli
Dynamic Typing in a Statically Typed Language.	Luca Cardelli
Dynamic access-control policies on XML encrypted data.	Luc Bouganim
Dynamic adaptation of numerical attributes in a user profile.	Lucas Marin
Dynamic allocation for input redundant control systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Dynamic and automated product derivation for consumer electronics software applications.	Vicente Ferreira de Lucena Jr.
Dynamic and automated product derivation for consumer electronics software applications.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Dynamic and context-aware streaming adaptation to smooth quality degradation due to IEEE 802.11 performance anomaly.	Luca Foschini
Dynamic behavior of a chemical sensor for humidity level measurement in human breath.	Jean-Luc Lachaud
Dynamic behaviors in chaotic bidirectional associative memory.	Luciana P. P. Bueno
Dynamic card control strategy in pull manufacturing systems.	Luciano Magrino
Dynamic control of Coding in Delay Tolerant Networks	Lucile Sassatelli
Dynamic control of motion estimation search parameters for low complex H.264 video coding.	Luca Fanucci
Dynamic enhancement of drug product labels to support drug safety, efficacy, and effectiveness.	Joanne S. Luciano
Dynamic fault trees resolution: A conscious trade-off between analytical and simulative approaches.	Lucio Compagno
Dynamic frequency scaling with buffer insertion for mixed workloads.	Luca Benini
Dynamic functional connectivity using state-based dynamic community structure: Method and application to opioid analgesia.	Lucy F. Robinson
Dynamic information system for small molecules.	Xavier Lucas
Dynamic load balancing algorithm for molecular dynamics based on Voronoi cells domain decompositions.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
Dynamic mechanism design.	Luciano Gualà
Dynamic monopolies in tori.	Fabrizio Luccio
Dynamic product line for Business Process Management.	Lucinéia Heloisa Thom
Dynamic resource configuration in DiffServ networks: control plane mechanisms and performance evaluation of a traffic control API.	Luca Veltri
Dynamic safety assessment: Scenario identification via a possibilistic clustering approach.	Luca Podofillini
Dynamic stabilization of systems with input delays.	Luciano Pandolfi
Dynamic state allocation for MEG source reconstruction.	Henry Luckhoo
Dynamic stress method for accurate NVM oxide robustness evaluation for automotive applications.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Dynamic value at risk under optimal and suboptimal portfolio policies.	Elisa Luciano
Dynamical Allocation of Cellular Resources as an Optimal Control Problem: Novel Insights into Microbial Growth Strategies.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Dynamical Systems and Stochastic Programming: To Ordinary Differential Equations and Back.	Luca Bortolussi
Dynamical density delay maps: simple, new method for visualising the behaviour of complex systems.	Luca Citi
Dynamical reconstruction of unknown inputs in nonlinear differential equations.	Luciano Pandolfi
Dynamically Programmable Electronic Pill Dispenser System.	Luciano Boquete
Dynamicity in distributed applications: issues, problems and the ASSIST approach.	Luca Veraldi
Dynamics Modeling for Parallel Haptic Interfaces with Force Sensing and Control.	Lucy Y. Pao
Dynamics of VLSI analog decoupled neurons.	Luciana Carota
Dynamics of a model of Toxoplasmosis disease in human and cat populations.	Lucas Jódar
Dynamics, Bifurcations and Normal Forms in Arrays of Magnetostrictive Energy Harvesters with All-to-All Coupling.	Pietro-Luciano Buono
Dynamis: Effective Context-Aware Web Service Selection Using Dynamic Attributes.	Jean-Luc Duprat
Dysbindin C-A-T haplotype is associated with thicker medial orbitofrontal cortex in healthy population.	Vincenzo De Luca
Dysfunctions of Spatial Cognition in Schizophrenic Patients.	Luc Carité
Définissabilité dans les Corps de Fonctions p-Adiques.	Luc Bélair
E-Books and Their Future in Academic Libraries: An Overview.	Lucia Snowhill
E-Business and SMEs: Preliminary Evidence from Selected Italian Districts	Lucia Piscitello
E-D2HCP: enhanced distributed dynamic host configuration protocol.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
E-DCP, an Extension of the Distributed-Control Polling MAC Protocol (DCP) for Integrated Services.	Luciano Lenzini
E-Learning and New Teaching Scenarios: The Mediation of Technology Between Methodologies and Teaching Objectives.	Luca Mari
E-Learning and Personalized Learning Path: A Proposal Based on the Adaptive Educational Hypermedia System.	Luca Greco 0001
E-MAC: an elastic MAC layer for IEEE 802.11 networks.	Luca Scalia
E-MEM: efficient computation of maximal exact matches for very large genomes.	Lucian Ilie
E-Science in the classroom - Towards viability.	Rosemary Luckin
E-Voting in Brazil - The Risks to Democracy.	Luciano Batista
E-books in an academic library: implementation at the ETH Library, Zurich.	Ann McLuckie
E-business implementation and performance: analysis of mediating factors.	Laura Lucia-Palacios
E-collaboration within one supply chain and its impact on firms' innovativeness and performance.	Luc Cassivi
EASE--An Application-Based CAD System for Process Design.	Dennis J. Lucey
ECHO: Efficient Complex Query over DHT Overlays.	Luciana Arantes
ECO-FiWi: An Energy Conservation Scheme for Integrated Fiber-Wireless Access Networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
ECO-generation for some restricted classes of compositions.	Jean-Luc Baril
ED&TC 1995: Simulation versus formal verification.	Luc J. M. Claesen
EDUCA: A web 2.0 authoring tool for developing adaptive and intelligent tutoring systems using a Kohonen network.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
EEG Amplitude Modulation Analysis for Semi-Automated Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.	Lucas Trambaiolli
EEG/MEG Source Imaging: Methods, Challenges, and Open Issues.	Mihail Lucian Pascu
EGT for multiple view geometry and visual servoing: robotics vision with pinhole and panoramic cameras.	Gian Luca Mariottini
EIC Editorial: A time of change.	Lucia Rapanotti
ELM - the database of eukaryotic linear motifs.	Katja Luck
ELM server: a new resource for investigating short functional sites in modular eukaryotic proteins.	Lucjan Stanislaw Wyrwicz
EMiner: A Tool for Selecting Classification Algorithms and Optimal Parameters.	Luciano Reis Coutinho
ENEL PILOT: From a Research Testbed to a Virtual Educational Laboratory.	Lucia Lo Bello
ENEL PILOT: From a Research Testbed to a Virtual Educational Laboratory.	Luciano Capetta
ENVIRONMENTS and EOL: identification of Environment Ontology terms in text and the annotation of the Encyclopedia of Life.	Lucia Fanini
EOG-based eye movements codification for human computer interaction.	Luciano Boquete
EPICURE: A partitioning and co-design framework for reconfigurable computing.	Jean Luc Philippe
ESD protection structures for 20 V and 40 V power supply suitable for BCD6 smart power technology.	Luca Sponton
ESD protection structures for BCD5 smart power technologies.	Luca Sponton
ESEfinder: a web resource to identify exonic splicing enhancers.	Luca Cartegni
ESP: a tool to estimate scale parameter for multiresolution image segmentation of remotely sensed data.	Lucian Dragut
ESREL 2002.	Jean Luc Pelletier
ESTree db: a Tool for Peach Functional Genomics.	Luciano Milanesi
ESTuber db: an online database for Tuber borchii EST sequences.	Luciano Milanesi
EScience in Practice: Lessons from the Cornell Web Lab.	Lucia Walle
EU Competition Law and the Information and Communication Technology Network Industries, by Andrej Fatur.	Laise Da Correggio Luciano
EVA: an explicit vector language.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
EVpedia: a community web portal for extracellular vesicles research.	Luc Buée
EXpectation Propagation LOgistic REgRession (EXPLORER): Distributed privacy-preserving online model learning.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
EZ-VSN: An Open-Source and Flexible Framework for Visual Sensor Networks.	Luca Bondi
EZ-VSN: An Open-Source and Flexible Framework for Visual Sensor Networks.	Luca Baroffio
EagleTree: Exploring the Design Space of SSD-Based Algorithms.	Luc Bouganim
EagleTree: Exploring the Design Space of SSD-Based Algorithms.	Luc Bouganim
Ear Decompositions of Matching Covered Graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Ear decompositions of join covered graphs.	Luciano L. Silveira
Early Experiences in Traffic Engineering Exploiting Path Diversity: A Practical Approach	Luca Muscariello
Early On-Orbit Performance of the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite Onboard the Suomi National Polar-Orbiting Partnership (S-NPP) Satellite.	Frank De Luccia
Early attentional processes distinguish selective from global motor inhibitory control: An electrical neuroimaging study.	Lucas Spierer
Early developments of a novel smart actuator inspired by nature.	Luca Frasson
Early influence of prior experience on face perception.	Lucile Gamond
Early validation analyses of atmospheric profiles from EOS MLS on the aura Satellite.	Lucien Froidevaux
Early validation analyses of atmospheric profiles from EOS MLS on the aura Satellite.	Lucien J. Livesey
Early-late timing recovery with decision-feedback equalizers.	Luc Vandendorpe
Earth system curator: metadata infrastructure for climate modeling.	Luca Cinquini
Earth system curator: metadata infrastructure for climate modeling.	Cecelia DeLuca
EasyLocal++: an object-oriented framework for the flexible design of local-search algorithms.	Luca Di Gaspero
Eccm Auxiliary Antenna System for a multibeam SAR Array.	Leonardo Lucci
Eco-Feedback on the Go: Motivating Energy Awareness.	Luciano Gamberini
Economic and environmental strategies for process design.	Luc Pibouleau
Economic optimization of non-sharp separation sequences by means of evolutionary algorithms.	Klaus Lucas
Edge Finding for Cumulative Scheduling.	Luc Mercier
Edge Groups: An Approach to Understanding the Mesh Quality of Marching Methods.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Edge Transformations for Improving Mesh Quality of Marching Cubes.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Edge localization by MoG filters: Multiple-of-Gaussians.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editor's Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editorial Introduction - Learning Classifier Systems.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Editorial Note.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Editorial Special Issue: Swarm Intelligence.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Editorial announcement.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Editorial comment: observations on preparing this issue.	Lucas M. Venter
Editorial comment: special issue of SACJ.	Lucas M. Venter
Editorial comment: the times they are a-changin'.	Lucas M. Venter
Editorial to the 'pattern recognition and artificial intelligence for human behaviour analysis' special section.	Luca Iocchi
Editorial.	Livio De Luca
Editorial.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Editorial.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Editorial.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Editorial.	Luc Steels
Editorial.	Lucy A. Tedd
Editorial.	Lucy A. Tedd
Editorial.	Lucy A. Tedd
Editorial.	Lucy A. Tedd
Editorial.	Lucy A. Tedd
Editorial.	Lucy A. Tedd
Editorial.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Editorial.	Lucia Pavlikova
Editorial.	Luc J. Van Gool
Editorial.	Philippe Lucas
Editorial.	Luca Spalazzi
Editorial.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Editorial.	Luc Vandendorpe
Editorial.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Editorial.	Gian Luca Foresti
Editorial.	Holger Luczak
Editorial.	Luciano Baresi
Editorial.	Luciano Gamberini
Editorial.	Dario Lucarella
Editorial.	Markus Luckey
Editorial: Forum on recent developments on finitely additive probabilities and coherence.	Lucio Barabesi
Editorial: Fun with Algorithms.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Editorial: Outstanding Submissions to the AMIA Annual Symposium Now Featured in JAMIA.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Editorial: Preface to the Special Issue.	Luce Brotcorne
Editorial: Sixty years of cybernetics.	Lucie Fajfrová
Editorial: Special Issue on "Texture Analysis and Synthesi".	Luc J. Van Gool
Editorial: Temporal Representation and Reasoning.	Luca Chittaro
Educating Through Mobile Devices: The ABC Game, a Study Case.	Luca Chamecki Granato
Educational and digital inclusion for subjects with autism spectrum disorders in 1: 1 technological configuration.	Lucila Maria Costi Santarosa
Educational interaction in distance learning.	Luca Pieti
Educational interaction in distance learning.	Luca Filipponi
Educational software and low vision students: evaluating accessibility factors.	Lucia Ferlino
Educational technology "Anatomy and Vital Signs": Evaluation study of content, appearance and usability.	Luciana Mara Monti Fonseca
Educative Distributed Virtual Environments For Children.	Luca-Dan Serbanati
Educative Distributed Virtual Environments for Children.	Luca-Dan Serbanati
Eduquito: Virtual Environment for Digital Inclusion of People with Special Educational Needs.	Lucila Maria Costi Santarosa
Effect of Watermarking on Diagnostic Preservation of Atherosclerotic Ultrasound Video in Stroke Telemedicine.	Luca Saba
Effect of a virtual reality interface on the learning curve and on the accuracy of a surgical planner for total hip replacement.	Luca Petrolo
Effect of chip-level asynchronism on a CDMA-based overlay system for optical network management.	Luca Venturino
Effect of different mucosa thickness and resiliency on stress distribution of implant-retained overdentures-2D FEA.	Lucas Fernando Tabata
Effect of different surface processing protocols in three-dimensional images for rapid prototyping.	Lucio Costa Safira Andrade
Effect of pedestrian traffic on fade statistics of fixed wireless links in public spaces.	Luciano Ahumada
Effective Cooperations Through Non-Monetary Exchanges: A Computational Framework.	Michael Luck
Effective Detection of Digital Bar Segments with Hough Transform.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Effective Fast Algorithms for Polynomial Spectral Factorization.	Luca Gemignani
Effective Hydrodynamic Shaping of Sample Streams in a Microfluidic Parallel-Plate Flow-Assay Device: Matching Whole Blood Dynamic Viscosity.	Margaret Lucitt
Effective Image Segmentation with Flexible ICM-Based Markov Random Fields in Distributed Systems of Personal Computers.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Effective collaborative monitoring in smart cities: Converging MANET and WSN for fast data collection.	Luca Foschini
Effective feature construction by maximum common subgraph sampling.	Luc De Raedt
Effective heuristics for the Set Covering with Pairs Problem.	Luciana Brugiolo Gonçalves
Effective networks for real-time distributed processing	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Effective networks for real-time distributed processing.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Effective results for complex hyperbolic manifolds.	Luca F. Di Cerbo
Effective spatial clustering methods for optimal facility establishment.	Caro Lucas
Effective splaying with restricted rotations.	Joan M. Lucas
Effects of Adjacent Vehicles on Judgments of a Lead Car During Car Following.	Patricia R. DeLucia
Effects of Data Anonymization by Cell Suppression on Descriptive Statistics and Predictive Modeling Performance.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Effects of Interactive Sonification on Emotionally Expressive Walking Styles.	Luca Turchet
Effects of Lightly Doped Drain and Channel Doping Variations on Flash Memory Performances and Reliability.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Effects of Mobility on User Energy Consumption and Total Throughput in a Massive MIMO System.	Luca Sanguinetti
Effects of Nodes Geometry and Power Allocation in Space-Time Coded Cooperative Wireless Systems.	Luca Zuari
Effects of Optimizing Externalities Using Cooperating Dynamic Traffic Management Measures on Network Level.	Luc J. J. Wismans
Effects of SVM parameter optimization on discrimination and calibration for post-procedural PCI mortality.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Effects of discontinuous magnetic permeability on magnetodynamic problems.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Effects of energetic and informational masking on speech segmentation by native and non-native speakers.	Lucy M. Carroll
Effects of somatosensory stimulation and attention on human somatosensory cortex: An fMRI study.	Gian Luca Romani
Effects of stability on model composition effort: an exploratory study.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Efficiency and Robustness in a Support Platform for Intelligent Airport Ground Handling.	Luca Righi
Efficiency of physical carrier sensing in wireless access networks.	Luca Campelli
Efficiency of the Perfectly Matched Layer with high-order finite difference and pseudo-spectral Maxwell solvers.	Jean-Luc Vay
Efficient 3D Database Screening for Novel HIV-1 IN Inhibitors.	Laura De Luca
Efficient Abstractions for GPGPU Programming.	Jean Luc Lamotte
Efficient Algorithms for Searching Optimal Shortened Cyclic Single-Burst-Correcting Codes	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Efficient Beyond-Birthday-Bound-Secure Deterministic Authenticated Encryption with Minimal Stretch.	Stefan Lucks
Efficient Calculation of Molecular Properties from Simulation Using Kernel Molecular Dynamics.	Lucy A. Hunsaker
Efficient Computation of the Feedback Filter for the Hybrid Decision Feedback Equalizer in Highly Dispersive Channels.	Luca Barletta
Efficient DTPP solving with a reduction-based approach.	Luca Pulina
Efficient Embedded Software Migration towards Clusterized Distributed-Memory Architectures.	Luciano Ost
Efficient FPGA Implementations of High-Dimensional Cube Testers on the Stream Cipher Grain-128.	Luca Henzen
Efficient Genotype Elimination via Adaptive Allele Consolidation.	Luca Martini
Efficient HMAC-based secure communication for VANETs.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Efficient Identification of a Multi-Objective Pareto Front on a Wireless Experimentation Facility.	Luc Martens
Efficient Identity Based Ring Signature.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Efficient Interactive Multiclass Learning from Binary Feedback.	Matthew D. Luciw
Efficient Localization Methods for Passivity Enforcement of Linear Dynamical Models.	Luca Daniel
Efficient Management and Packets Forwarding for Multimedia Flows.	Pier Luca Montessoro
Efficient Matrix Multiplication Based on Discrete Stochastic Arithmetic.	Jean Luc Lamotte
Efficient Model Checking of IT Change Operations.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Efficient Model Learning Methods for Actor-Critic Control.	Lucian Busoniu
Efficient Monte Carlo Optimization for Multi-label Classifier Chains	Luca Martino
Efficient Multiple Importance Sampling Estimators.	Luca Martino
Efficient Nearly Orthogonal and Space-Filling Latin Hypercubes.	Thomas W. Lucas
Efficient Non-Recursive Design of Second-Order Spectral-Null Codes.	Luca G. Tallini
Efficient Parallel Algorithms for Path Problems in Directed Graphs.	Joan M. Lucas
Efficient Private Statistics with Succinct Sketches.	Luca Melis
Efficient Shortened Cyclic Codes Correcting Either Random Errors or Bursts.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Efficient Temporal Reasoning in the Cached Event Calculus.	Luca Chittaro
Efficient Two-Dimensional Data Allocation in IEEE 802.16 OFDMA.	Luciano Lenzini
Efficient Two-Dimensional Packing Algorithms for Mobile WiMAX.	Luciano Lenzini
Efficient Two-Stream Motion and Appearance 3D CNNs for Video Classification.	Luc Van Gool
Efficient Uncertainty Quantification for the Periodic Steady State of Forced and Autonomous Circuits.	Luca Daniel
Efficient Uncertainty Quantification for the Periodic Steady State of Forced and Autonomous Circuits.	Luca Daniel
Efficient Volumetric Fusion of Airborne and Street-Side Data for Urban Reconstruction.	Luc Van Gool
Efficient adaptive QoS-based service selection.	Michael Luck
Efficient algorithms for cluster editing.	Lucas de O. Bastos
Efficient algorithms for large-scale local triangle counting.	Luca Becchetti
Efficient allocation of resources in multiple heterogeneous Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luci Pirmez
Efficient and Cost-Effective ZCS Direct AC-AC Resonant Converter for Induction Heating.	Oscar Lucía
Efficient and Stable Solution of M-Matrix Linear Systems of (Block) Hessenberg Form.	Luca Gemignani
Efficient and Stable Sparse-to-Dense Conversion for Automatic 2-D to 3-D Conversion.	Luc P. J. Vosters
Efficient and formally proven reduction of large integers by small moduli.	Luc M. W. J. Rutten
Efficient and precise interactive hand tracking through joint, continuous optimization of pose and correspondences.	Lucas Bordeaux
Efficient and robust computation of PDF features from diffusion MR signal.	Luc Brun
Efficient and robust probabilistic guarantees for real-time tasks.	Luca Abeni
Efficient and stable solution of structured Hessenberg linear systems arising from difference equations.	Luca Gemignani
Efficient approximation of the exponential operator for discrete 2D advection-diffusion problems.	Luca Bergamaschi
Efficient asymmetric inclusion of regular expressions with interleaving and counting for XML type-checking.	Luca Pardini
Efficient authentication and key distribution in wireless IP networks.	Luca Salgarelli
Efficient bandwidth sharing and fair access in single-hub WDM rings.	André-Luc Beylot
Efficient computation of the exponential operator for large, sparse, symmetric matrices.	Luca Bergamaschi
Efficient constrained local model fitting for non-rigid face alignment.	Simon Lucey
Efficient data-parallel tree-traversal for BlobTrees.	Jean-Luc Duprat
Efficient downlink scheduling with power boosting in mobile IEEE 802.16 networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Efficient eigenvalue computation for quasiseparable Hermitian matrices under low rank perturbations.	Luca Gemignani
Efficient experimental design tools for exploring large simulation models.	Thomas W. Lucas
Efficient false path elimination algorithms for timing verification by event graph preprocessing.	Luc J. M. Claesen
Efficient geometric reconstruction of complex geological structures.	Luca Formaggia
Efficient graph-based dictionary search and its application to text-image searching.	Simon M. Lucas
Efficient handoff for mass transit connectivity using IEEE 802.11.	Luciano Lenzini
Efficient handoff for mass transit connectivity using IEEE 802.11.	Luca Bisti
Efficient hydrological model parameter optimization with Sequential Monte Carlo sampling.	Lucy Marshall
Efficient implementation of data flow graphs on multi-gpu clusters.	Luc Salvo
Efficient initial volume determination from electron microscopy images of single particles.	Ana-Lucia álvarez-Cabrera
Efficient link scheduling for online admission control of real-time traffic in wireless mesh networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Efficient lower and upper bounds of the diagonal-flip distance between triangulations.	Jean-Luc Baril
Efficient m-Ary Balanced Codes which Are Invariant under Symbol Permutation.	Luca G. Tallini
Efficient m-ary Balanced Codes.	Luca G. Tallini
Efficient monte carlo methods for multi-dimensional learning with classifier chains.	Luca Martino
Efficient multi-camera vehicle detection, tracking, and identification in a tunnel surveillance application.	Luc J. Van Gool
Efficient multicast data transfer with congestion control using dynamic source channels	Vincent Lucas
Efficient nearer-ancestor algorithm for network routing.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Efficient ocular expression analysis for synthetic reproduction.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Efficient parallelization of a dynamic global vegetation model with river routing.	W. Lucht
Efficient product sampling using hierarchical thresholding.	Luc Leblanc
Efficient recognition of trace languages defined by repeat-until loops.	Luca Breveglieri
Efficient representation of the attacker's knowledge in cryptographic protocols analysis.	Luca Durante
Efficient rule based structural algorithms for classification of tree structured data.	Caro Lucas
Efficient system-level prototyping of power-aware dynamic memory managers for embedded systems.	Luca Benini
Efficient thermal field computation in phase-field models.	Lucien Brush
Efficient tree traversal to reduce code growth in tree-based genetic programming.	Luc Boullart
Efficient truthful mechanisms for the single-source shortest paths tree problem.	Luciano Gualà
Efficiently preconditioned inexact Newton methods for large symmetric eigenvalue problems.	Luca Bergamaschi
Efficiently updating and tracking the dominant kernel principal components.	Luc Hoegaerts
Effizientes und bedarfsgerechtes Berichtswesen auf Basis eines modularen Systems aus Open-Source-Produkten.	Ulrike Lucke
Ehrhart polynomial and arithmetic Tutte polynomial.	Luca Moci
Eigenvalue regions for positive systems.	Luca Benvenuti
Eight-Channel Fully Adjustable Pulse Generator.	Luca Miari
Ein Autorensystem zur Erstellung von adaptiven mobilen Mikroleranwendungen.	Ulrike Lucke
Ein Framework für die Erstellung von Simulationen zur Verhaltenstherapie.	Ulrike Lucke
Ein Hochschul-App-Framework: Hybrid und modular.	Ulrike Lucke
Ein Online-System zur Regionalisierung der Fahrschulausbildung.	Ulrike Lucke
Ein strukturiertes Modell für Mobile Blended Learning.	Ulrike Lucke
Eine Service- und Kontext-basierte Infrastruktur für die Pervasive University.	Ulrike Lucke
Eine formale Algebra für die strukturierte Dokumentenverarbeitung.	Ulrike Lucke
Eine modulare gesundheitsakte als antwort auf kommunikationsprobleme im gesundheitswesen.	Marcel Lucas Müller
Eine neuartige Architektur zur Realisierung von Pervasive Communitys.	Ulrike Lucke
Einsatz von MultiTouch-Tischen zur kooperativen Semesterorganisation.	Ulrike Lucke
Einstein's miraculous year 1905.	Lucjan Piela
Ekho: A 30.3W, 10k-Channel Fully Digital Integrated 3-D Beamformer for Medical Ultrasound Imaging Achieving 298M Focal Points per Second.	Luca Benini
El Uso de Minería de Datos y Sistemas MultiAgente en el Proceso de Aprendizaje con Interfaces Web a través de las Inteligencias Múltiples.	Marcelo Luciano dos Santos
El juego del diálogo de educción de requisitos.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Elaborate lexicon extended language with a lot of conceptual information.	Jean Luc Razafindramintsa
Elastic Scheduling for Flexible Workload Management.	Luca Abeni
Electrical Resistance Tomography of Conductive Thin Films.	Luca Callegaro
Electrical Vehicle Batteries Testing in a Distribution Network Using Sustainable Energy.	Lucian Mihet-Popa
Electricity Smart Meters Interfacing the Households.	Lucia Frosini
Electro-Oculographic Guidance of a Wheelchair Using Eye Movements Codification.	Luciano Boquete
Electro-mechanical stability of surface EMG sensors.	G. De Luca
Electro-mechanical stability of surface EMG sensors.	Carlo J. De Luca
Electro-thermal high-level modeling of integrated circuits.	Luc Hébrard
Electrocortical aspects related to space processing preceding voluntary movements.	Giuliana Lucci
Electroluminescence spectroscopy for reliability investigations of 1.55 mum bulk semiconductor optical amplifier.	Jean-Luc Goudard
Electromagnetic Energy Harvesting and Wireless Power Transmission: A Unified Approach.	Luciano Tarricone
Electromagnetic Scattering by Isoparametric Elements of Higher Order.	Lucy Weggler
Electromagnetic Scattering by a Perfectly Conducting Rectangular Plate Buried in a Lossy Half-Space.	Mario Lucido
Electromagnetic immunity model of an ADC for microcontroller's reliability improvement.	Jean-Luc Levant
Electromagnetic plane wave scattering by large and finite strip array on dielectric slab.	Lucio Vegni
Electronic Cleansing for 24-H Limited Bowel Preparation CT Colonography Using Principal Curvature Flow.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Electronic Cleansing for Computed Tomography (CT) Colonography Using a Scale-Invariant Three-Material Model.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Electronic Detection of DNA Hybridization: Toward CMOS Microarrays.	Luca Benini
Electronic Records Management in Luxembourg: Challenges and Perspectives.	Lucas Colet
Electronic business engineering - exploiting the potentials of a wireless world.	Holger Luczak
Electronic commerce and supply chain integration: the case of the telecommunication equipment industry.	Luc Cassivi
Electronic health records and computer-based clinical decision support: are we there yet?	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Electronic medical record-based multicondition models to predict the risk of 30 day readmission or death among adult medicine patients: validation and comparison to existing models.	Brian Lucena
Electronic structure of transition metal/rare earth alternative high-K gate dielectrics: interfacial band alignments and intrinsic defects.	Gerald Lucovsky
Electrophysiological Correlates of Stimulus-driven Reorienting Deficits after Interference with Right Parietal Cortex during a Spatial Attention Task: A TMS-EEG Study.	Gian Luca Romani
Electrophysiological measurement of the effect of inter-stimulus competition on early cortical stages of human vision.	Steven J. Luck
Elegant Stepping: A Model of Visually Triggered Gait Adaptation.	Lucia S. Simo
Elektronische Aufbewahrung von Wahldokumenten bei Onlinewahlen - Beweggründe, rechtliche Anforderungen und technische Umsetzung.	Lucie Langer
Elektronische Wahlen: Verifizierung vs. Zertifizierung.	Lucie Langer
Elements of Machine Learning, Pat Langley.	Michael Luck
Elements of high order in Artin-Schreier extensions of finite fields Fq.	Lucas Reis
Eliciting a human understandable model of ice adhesion strength for rotor blade leading edge materials from uncertain experimental data.	Luciano Sánchez
Eligibility-Based Round Robin for Fair and Efficient Packet Scheduling in Wormhole Switching Networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Eliminating Duplicates under Interval and Fuzzy Uncertainty: An Asymptotically Optimal Algorithm and Its Geospatial Applications.	Luc Longpré
Eliminating Suboptimal Local Minimizers in Nonlinear Parameter Estimation.	Luc Pronzato
Elimination of Local Variables from Definite Logic Programs.	Paqui Lucio
Elliptic Curves with Low Embedding Degree.	Florian Luca
Elliptic Curves with Low Embedding Degree.	Florian Luca
Elucidation of Genetic Interactions in the Yeast GATA-Factor Network Using Bayesian Model Selection.	Luca Gerosa
Embedded System for Real-Time Digital Processing of Medical Ultrasound Doppler Signals.	Luca Bassi
Embedded Systems Design in Intelligent Industrial Automation.	Luca Ferrarini
Embedded image coding based on Laplacian pyramids with quantization feedback.	Luciano Alparone
Embedding and Retrieving Private Metadata in Electrocardiograms.	Claudio Lucchese
Embedding k-Nearest Neighbor Queries into Relational Database Management Systems.	Lucio F. D. Santos
Embedding trees into graphs of large girth.	Tomasz Luczak
Embroidered Electrode with Silver/Titanium Coating for Long-Term ECG Monitoring.	Luciano F. Boesel
Emergence and Categorization of Coordinated Visual Behavior Through Embodied Interaction.	Luc Berthouze
Emergence and Categorization of Coordinated Visual Behavior Through Embodied Interaction.	Luc Berthouze
Emergence of linguistic laws in human voice.	Lucas Lacasa
Emergency satellite communications: research and standardization activities.	Luca Simone Ronga
Emergency situations supported by context-aware and application streaming technologies.	Luca Ardito
Emergent states in virtual teams: a complex adaptive systems perspective.	Petru Lucian Curseu
Emotion on FPGA: Model driven approach.	Caro Lucas
Emotional Dialogue in a Virtual Tutor for Educational Software.	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Emotional Learning as a New Tool for Development of Agent-based System.	Caro Lucas
Empfehlungen zur Nutzung eines Textverarbeitungswerkzeugs zur Erstellung von XML-basierten eLearning-Inhalten.	Ulrike Lucke
Empirical Evaluation of the Received Power Gain when Remote Radio Heads are Used to Enhance the Coverage Area in Urban Environments.	Luciano Ahumada
Empirical Evidence for a Descriptive Model of Implementation.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Empirical Forecasting of HF-Radar Velocity Using Genetic Algorithms.	Lucio Bellomo
Empirical Markov Chain Monte Carlo Bayesian analysis of fMRI data.	Gian Luca Romani
Empirical Optimization for a Sparse Linear Solver: A Case Study.	Robert F. Lucas
Empirical comparison of MIMO and beamforming schemes for outdoor-indoor scenarios.	Luciano Ahumada
Empirical mode decomposition analysis of near-infrared spectroscopy muscular signals to assess the effect of physical activity in type 2 diabetic patients.	Riccardo De Luca
Employing virtual humans for education and training in X3D/VRML worlds.	Luca Chittaro
Employing virtual humans for education and training in X3D/VRML worlds.	Lucio Ieronutti
Empowering mobile crowdsensing through social and ad hoc networking.	Luca Foschini
EnBay: A Novel Pattern-Based Bayesian Classifier.	Luca Cagliero
Enabling Adaptive Techniques in Heterogeneous MPSoCs Based on Virtualization.	Luciano Ost
Enabling High-Dimensional Hierarchical Uncertainty Quantification by ANOVA and Tensor-Train Decomposition.	Luca Daniel
Enabling High-Dimensional Hierarchical Uncertainty Quantification by ANOVA and Tensor-Train Decomposition.	Luca Daniel
Enabling Java for high-performance computing.	Luc Bougé
Enabling Lock-Free Concurrent Fine-Grain Access to Massive Distributed Data: Application to Supernovae Detection	Luc Bougé
Enabling Mobile Network Managers.	Luca Deri
Enabling On-Line Deliberation and Collective Decision-Making through Large-Scale Argumentation: A New Approach to the Design of an Internet-Based Mass Collaboration Platform.	Luca Iandoli
Enabling Scientific Research using an Interdisciplinary Virtual Observatory: The Virtual Solar-Terrestrial Observatory Example.	Luca Cinquini
Enabling Self-Powered Autonomous Wireless Sensors with New-Generation I2C-RFID Chips	Luciano Tarricone
Enabling Self-Powered Autonomous Wireless Sensors with New-Generation I2C-RFID Chips	Luca Catarinucci
Enabling cooperation of consumer devices through peer-to-peer overlays.	Luca Caviglione
Enabling design and simulation of massive parallel nanoarchitectures.	Luca Boarino
Enabling future internet research: the FEDERICA case.	Luca Giraudo
Enabling high resolution collaborative visualization in display rich virtual organizations.	Luc Renambot
Enabling high-resolution forecasting of severe weather and flooding events in Rio de Janeiro.	Lucas Villa Real
Enabling multi-user interaction in large high-resolution distributed environments.	Luc Renambot
Enabling transparent lambda services between metro and core networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
Encoding-interleaved hierarchical interpolation for lossless image compression.	Luciano Alparone
Encryption Algorithms Made (Somewhat) More Natural (a pedagogical remark).	Luc Longpré
Encryption algorithms made natural.	Luc Longpré
End-to-end protocols for Cognitive Radio Ad Hoc Networks: An evaluation study.	Luciano Bononi
Endomorphisms of Partially Ordered Sets.	Tomasz Luczak
Energy Consumption in multi-user MIMO systems: Impact of user mobility.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy Detection in Multihop Cooperative Diversity Networks: An Analytical Study.	Lucio Marcenaro
Energy Efficient OFDMA Networks Maintaining Statistical QoS Guarantees for Delay-Sensitive Traffic.	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Energy Efficient Precoder Design for MIMO-OFDM with Rate-dependent Circuit Power.	Luc Vandendorpe
Energy Efficient Scheduling and Routing via Randomized Rounding.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Energy Efficient Scheduling of MapReduce Jobs.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Energy Efficient Service Delivery in Clouds in Compliance with the Kyoto Protocol	Drazen Lucanin
Energy Efficient Smartphone-Based Activity Recognition using Fixed-Point Arithmetic.	Luca Oneto
Energy Harvesting and Scavenging [Scanning the Issue].	Luca Roselli
Energy Harvesting and Wireless Transfer in Sensor Network Applications: Concepts and Experiences.	Luca Mottola
Energy Load Forecasting Using Empirical Mode Decomposition and Support Vector Regression.	Luca Ghelardoni
Energy Management Policies for Harvesting-Based Wireless Sensor Devices with Battery Degradation.	Luca Corradini
Energy Management Through Optimized Routing and Device Powering for Greener Communication Networks.	Luca G. Gianoli
Energy Neutral Wireless Sensing for Server Farms Monitoring.	Luca Rizzon
Energy and Power Measurements for Network Coding in the Context of Green Mobile Clouds.	Daniel E. Lucani
Energy and Spectral Efficiencies Trade-off with Filter Optimization in Multiple Access Interference-Aware	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Energy and spectral efficiencies trade-off with filter optimisation in multiple access interference-aware networks.	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Energy aware management of resilient networks with shared protection.	Luca G. Gianoli
Energy characterization of embedded real-time operating systems.	Luca Benini
Energy conserving movement-assisted deployment of ad hoc sensor networks.	Caro Lucas
Energy decay to Timoshenko's system with thermoelasticity of type III.	Luci Harue Fatori
Energy efficiency analysis of aggregation mechanisms in IEEE 802.11n radio-over-fiber-based distributed antenna systems.	Frédéric Lucarz
Energy efficiency in passive optical networks: where, when, and how?	Luca Valcarenghi
Energy efficiency of femtocell deployment in combined wireless/optical access networks.	Luc Martens
Energy efficient OFDMA networks maintaining statistical QoS guarantees for delay-sensitive traffic.	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Energy efficient PONs with service delay guarantees.	Luca Valcarenghi
Energy efficient content distribution in an ISP network.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Energy efficient multicasting in TDMA PONs.	Luca Valcarenghi
Energy footprint framework: A pathway toward smart grid sustainability.	Luci Pirmez
Energy management in communication networks: a journey through modelling and optimization glasses.	Luca G. Gianoli
Energy preserving turbulent simulations at a reduced computational cost.	Luigi de Luca
Energy targeting and minimum energy distillation column sequences.	Angelo Lucia
Energy-Aware Base Stations: The Effect of Planning, Management, and Femto Layers.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Energy-Aware Cloud Management through Progressive SLA Specification.	Drazen Lucanin
Energy-Aware Competitive Power Allocation for Heterogeneous Networks Under QoS Constraints.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Aware Competitive Power Allocation for Heterogeneous Networks Under QoS Constraints.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Aware and Rate-Aware Heuristic Beamforming in Downlink MIMO OFDMA Networks With Base-Station Coordination.	Luca Venturino
Energy-Delay Considerations in Coded Packet Flows	Daniel E. Lucani
Energy-Efficiency Analysis of Analog and Digital Compressive Sensing in Wireless Sensors.	Luca Benini
Energy-Efficient ConvNets Through Approximate Computing.	Luc J. Van Gool
Energy-Efficient Future Wireless Networks: A Marriage between Massive MIMO and Small Cells.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Efficient Multiprocessor Systems-on-Chip for Embedded Computing: Exploring Programming Models and Their Architectural Support.	Luca Benini
Energy-Efficient Power Control for Contention-Based Synchronization in OFDMA Systems with Discrete Powers and Limited Feedback	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Efficient Power Control: A Look at 5G Wireless Technologies.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Efficient Power Control: A Look at 5G Wireless Technologies.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Efficient Power Optimization in Heterogeneous Networks: A Quasi-Variational Inequality Approach.	Luca Sanguinetti
Energy-Efficient Power Optimization in Heterogeneous Networks: A Quasi-Variational Inequality Approach.	Luc Vandendorpe
Energy-Efficient Scheduling and Power Allocation in Downlink OFDMA Networks With Base Station Coordination.	Luca Venturino
Energy-Efficient Scheduling and Power Allocation in Downlink OFDMA Networks with Base Station Coordination.	Luca Venturino
Energy-Efficient Value Based Selective Refresh for Embedded DRAMS.	Luca Benini
Energy-Harvesting Active Networked Tags (EnHANTs): Prototyping and Experimentation.	Luca P. Carloni
Energy-aware IP traffic engineering with shortest path routing.	Luca G. Gianoli
Energy-aware design of embedded memories: A survey of technologies, architectures, and optimization techniques.	Luca Benini
Energy-efficient allocation of computing node slots in HPC clusters through parameter learning and hybrid genetic fuzzy system modeling.	Luciano Sánchez
Energy-efficient design of battery-powered embedded systems.	Luca Benini
Energy-efficient detection of intermittent interference in wireless sensor networks.	Luca Stabellini
Energy-efficient management of UMTS access networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Energy-efficient power control for contention-based synchronization in OFDMA systems with discrete powers and limited feedback.	Luca Sanguinetti
Enforcing Security Mechanisms in the IP-Based Internet of Things: An Algorithmic Overview.	Luca Veltri
Engineering Adaptive Digital Investigations using Forensics Requirements.	Luca Cavallaro
Engineering AgentSpeak(L): A Formal Computational Model.	Michael Luck
Engineering Ethics and Identity: Emerging Initiatives in Comparative Perspective.	Juan C. Lucena
Engineering and engineering education in egypt.	Juan C. Lucena
Engineering multi-agent systems with aspects and patterns.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Engineering portfolios of Machine Learning algorithms to solve complex tasks in Robotics and Automated Reasoning.	Luca Pulina
Engineering the authoring of usable service front ends.	Lucio Davide Spano
Engineering to help: The value of critique in engineering service.	Juan C. Lucena
Enhanced Assessment of the Wound-Healing Process by Accurate Multiview Tissue Classification.	Yves Lucas
Enhanced Local Subspace Affinity for feature-based motion segmentation.	Luca Zappella
Enhanced P2P Services Providing Multimedia Content.	Luca Gatani
Enhanced Sensitive Love Wave Surface Acoustic Wave Sensor Designed for Immunoassay Formats.	Lucian Rotariu
Enhanced Simulation of Radar Backscatter From Forests Using LiDAR and Optical Data.	Richard M. Lucas
Enhanced UHF RFID Tags for Drug Tracing.	Luciano Tarricone
Enhanced UHF RFID Tags for Drug Tracing.	Luca Catarinucci
Enhanced advertising for next generation networks.	Luca Lamorte
Enhanced and Flexible Software Tools for X-ray Computed Tomography at the Italian Synchrotron Radiation Facility Elettra.	Lucia Mancini
Enhanced biomass prediction by assimilating satellite data into a crop growth model.	Lucien Hoffmann
Enhanced early-latency electromagnetic activity in the left premotor cortex is associated with successful phonetic categorization.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Enhanced genetic algorithm-based fuzzy multiobjective strategy to multiproduct batch plant design.	Luc Pibouleau
Enhanced health event detection and influenza surveillance using a joint Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense biosurveillance application.	Cynthia A. Lucero
Enhanced multiscale skeletons.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Enhancement of Planar Shape Through Optimization of Functionals for Curves.	Luc J. Van Gool
Enhancements of G3-PLC Technology for Smart-Home/Building Applications.	Luca Di Bert
Enhancements of V2X communication in support of cooperative autonomous driving.	Luciano Altomare
Enhancing Functional and Irregular Parallelism: Stateful Functions and their Semantics.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Enhancing Intradomain Scalability of IMS-Based Services.	Luca Foschini
Enhancing Levenshtein distance algorithm for assessing behavioral trust.	Luci Pirmez
Enhancing Levenshtein distance algorithm for assessing behavioral trust.	Luci Pirmez
Enhancing Sensor Network Data Quality via Collaborated Circuit and Network Operations.	Lucas Vespa
Enhancing Social Search: A Computational Collective Intelligence Model of Behavioural Traits, Trust and Time.	Luca Longo
Enhancing Twitter Data Analysis with Simple Semantic Filtering: Example in Tracking Influenza-Like Illnesses	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Enhancing Women's Studies Action Research Projects Through Technology.	Lucretia McCulley
Enhancing collaborative synchronous UML modelling with fine-grained versioning of software artefacts.	Andrea De Lucia
Enhancing multi-hop communication over multi-radio multi-channel wireless mesh networks: A cross-layer approach.	Luciano Bononi
Enhancing power analysis attacks against cryptographic devices.	Luca Giancane
Enhancing software artefact traceability recovery processes with link count information.	Andrea De Lucia
Enhancing texture descriptors by a neighborhood approach to the non-additive entropy.	Lucas Assirati
Enhancing the Performance of Neurofuzzy Predictors by Emotional Learning Algorith.	Caro Lucas
Enhancing the energy efficiency of wireless-communicated binaural hearing aids for speech separation driven by soft-computing algorithms.	Lucas Cuadra
Enhancing web search in the medical domain via query clarification.	Luca Soldaini
Enriched algebraic theories and monads for a system of arities.	Rory B. B. Lucyshyn-Wright
Ensemble clustering by means of clustering embedding in vector spaces.	Lucas Franek
Ensemble learning with trees and rules: Supervised, semi-supervised, unsupervised.	Jean-Luc Jannink
Ensemble of Distributed Learners for Online Classification of Dynamic Data Streams.	Luca Canzian
Ensemble of Distributed Learners for Online Classification of Dynamic Data Streams.	Luca Canzian
Ensuring Survivability of Resource-Intensive Sensor Networks Through Ultra-Low Power Overlays.	Luca Benini
Entangled Transactions.	Lucja Kot
Entangled queries: Enabling declarative data-driven coordination.	Lucja Kot
Enteric disease episodes and the risk of acquiring a future sexually transmitted infection: a prediction model in Montreal residents.	Lucie Bédard
Enterprise Architecture: A Snapshot from Practice.	Lucia Rapanotti
Entity Recognition for Sensor Network Motes.	Stefan Lucks
Entkopplungsregelung und Reibungskompensation für einen Roboter mit elastischen verkoppelten Gelenken (Decoupling Control and Friction Compensation for Robot with Elastic Coupled Joints).	Luc Le Tien
Entreposage et exploitation de documents multidimensionnels évolutifs. Le cas des tableaux statistiques.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Entropy Production Rate of a One-Dimensional Alpha-Fractional Diffusion Process.	Yuri Luchko
Entropy analysis of muscular near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) signals during exercise programme of type 2 diabetic patients: Quantitative assessment of muscle metabolic pattern.	Riccardo De Luca
Entropy landscape and non-Gibbs solutions in constraint satisfaction problems	Luca Dall'Asta
Entropy of Discrete Fuzzy Measures.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Entropy of L-Fuzzy Sets	Aldo de Luca
Entropy of bi-capacities.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Entropy of discrete Choquet capacities.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Entropy viscosity method for nonlinear conservation laws.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Enumeration algorithms for minimal siphons in Petri nets based on place constraints.	Luca Ferrarini
Enumeration and Structure of Trapezoidal Words	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Enumeration and structure of trapezoidal words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Enumeration of Some Classes of Words Avoiding Two Generalized Patterns of Length Three.	Luca Ferrari
Enumeration of edges in some lattices of paths	Luca Ferrari
Enumeration of monadic second-order queries on trees.	Luc Segoufin
Enumeration of saturated chains in Dyck lattices	Luca Ferrari
Enumerations of the Kolmogorov Function	Luc Longpré
Enumerations of the Kolmogorov function.	Luc Longpré
Enumerative Coding for Line Polar Grassmannians.	Luca Giuzzi
Environ: Integrating VR and CAD in Engineering Projects.	Luciano P. Soares
Environmental Turbulence and Complexity and the Optimal Degree of Internal Open Innovation for MNCs.	Luca Sabini
Envision: A User-Centered Database of Computer Science Literature.	Lucy T. Nowell
Epi.q-TG: mobile robot for surveillance.	Luca E. Bruzzone
Epidemic spreading and immunization strategy in multiplex networks.	Lucila G. Alvarez Zuzek
Epigenetic robotics - modelling cognitive development in robotic systems.	Luc Berthouze
Epigenetic robotics: modelling cognitive development in robotic systems.	Luc Berthouze
Epipole-based visual servoing for mobile robots.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Epistemic evaluation and comprehension of web-source information on controversial science-related topics: Effects of a short-term instructional intervention.	Lucia Mason
Epsilon-Optimal Synthesis for Unicycle-Like Vehicles With Limited Field-of-View Sensors.	Lucia Pallottino
Epsilon-Optimal Synthesis for Vehicles With Vertically Bounded Field-Of-View.	Lucia Pallottino
Equalization methods in OFDM and FMT systems for broadband wireless communications.	Luciano Tomba
Equalizer evaluation in integrated data and channel estimation.	Luca D'Ambrosio
Equalizing imbalanced imprecise datasets for genetic fuzzy classifiers.	Luciano Sánchez
Equational Properties Of Mobile Ambients.	Luca Cardelli
Equational theories of tropical semirings.	Luca Aceto
Equilibrium and Disequilibrium Dynamics in Cobweb Models with Time Delays.	Luca Gori
Equilibrium and Disequilibrium Dynamics in Cobweb Models with Time Delays.	Luca Guerrini
Equilibrium in Competing Networks with Differentiated Products.	Luc Leruth
Equilibrium in Multi-criteria Transportation Networks.	Dinh The Luc
Equilibrium in multi-criteria supply and demand networks with capacity constraints.	Dinh The Luc
Equilibrium model with default and dynamic insider information.	Luciano Campi
Equitable Block Colourings.	Lucia Marino
Equitable Embeddings of Steiner Triple Systems.	Lucien Haddad
Equitable specialized block-colourings for 4-cycle systems - I.	Lucia Gionfriddo
Equivalence classes of Dyck paths modulo some statistics.	Jean-Luc Baril
Equivalence of Convolution Systems in a Behavioral Framework.	Luc C. G. J. M. Habets
Equivalent Representations of Set Functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Erdos-Ko-Rado theorems for uniform set-partition systems.	Lucia Moura
Ergodicity, transitivity, and regularity for linear cellular automata over Zm.	Luciano Margara
Ergonomic assessment of taxicabs using participatory ergonomic intervention approach among Southwestern Nigerian drivers.	Emmanuel Babajide Lucas
Errata to "On the largest prime factor of x2-1".	Florian Luca
Erratum to "A greedy algorithm for multicut and integral multiflow in rooted tress" [Oper. Res. Lett 31(1) (2003) 21-27].	Lucas Létocart
Erratum to "Characterizing acyclic graphs by labeling edges" [Discrete Appl. Math. 164 (2014) 492-499].	Abilio Lucena
Erratum to "In vivo MRI tracking of exogenous monocytes/macrophages targeting brain tumors in a rat model of glioma" [NeuroImage 37S1 (2007) S47-S58].	Emmanuel Luc Barbier
Erratum to "Minimal multicut and maximal integer multiflow: A survey" [European Journal of Operational Research 162 (1) (2005) 55-69].	Lucas Létocart
Erratum to "On computational issues of immersed finite element methods" [J. Comput. Phys 228 (2009) 2535-2551].	Lucy T. Zhang
Erratum to "On the interpolation of concentric curvature elements" [Comput Aided Des 43(6) (2011) 586-597].	Luc Biard
Erratum to "Total domination supercritical graphs with respect to relative complements" [Discrete Math. 258 (2002) 361-371].	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Erratum to multiscale skeletons by image foresting transform and its applications to neuromorphometry: [Pattern Recognition 35(7) (2002) 1571-1582].	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Erratum to: 'Conditional robustness analysis for fragility discovery and target identification in biochemical networks and in cancer systems biology'.	Lucio Crinò
Erratum to: Detection and sequence/structure mapping of biophysical constraints to protein variation in saturated mutational libraries and protein sequence alignments with a dedicated server.	Luciano A. Abriata
Erratum to: Inexact constraint preconditioners for linear systems arising in interior point methods.	Luca Bergamaschi
Erratum to: Prosthetic component segmentation with blur compensation: a fast method for 3D fluoroscopy.	Luca Tersi
Erratum to: The Java Image Science Toolkit (JIST) for Rapid Prototyping and Publishing of Neuroimaging Software.	Blake C. Lucas
Erratum to: Using immersive virtual reality and anatomically correct computer-generated characters in the forensic assessment of deviant sexual preferences.	Joanne-Lucine Rouleau
Erratum: "on Restricting Subsets of Bases in Relatively Free Groups".	Lucas Sabalka
Erratum: A Correction to "Parallel Approximation Algorithms by Positive Linear Programming".	Luca Trevisan
Erratum: Fast Parallel Computation of the Polynomial Remainder Sequence via Bezout and Hankel Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Erratum: Second-order approximation of the entropy in nonlinear least-squares estimation.	Luc Pronzato
Erratum: Sensitivity Analysis of the Value Function for Optimization Problems With Variational Inequality Constraints.	Yves Lucet
Error Analysis and Detection Procedures for a Hardware Implementation of the Advanced Encryption Standard.	Luca Breveglieri
Error Analysis of Pressure-Correction Schemes for the Time-Dependent Stokes Equations with Open Boundary Conditions.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Error Analysis of a B-Spline Based Finite-Element Method for Modeling Wind-Driven Ocean Circulation.	Luca Heltai
Error Analysis of a Fractional Time-Stepping Technique for Incompressible Flows with Variable Density.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Error Analysis of an Algorithm for Equality-Constrained Quadratic Programming Problems.	Luca Zanni
Error Bounds for Finite-Difference Methods for Rudin-Osher-Fatemi Image Smoothing.	Bradley J. Lucier
Error Estimates of a First-order Lagrange Finite Element Technique for Nonlinear Scalar Conservation Equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Error Masking in Computer Programs.	Piotr Luczycki
Error analysis of fully discrete velocity-correction methods for incompressible flows.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Error concealment analysis for H.264/advanced video coding encoded video sequences.	Luca Superiori
Error concealment of intra coded video frames.	Luca Celetto
Error control in the perfectly matched layer based multilevel fast multipole algorithm.	Luc Knockaert
Error control schemes for on-chip communication links: the energy-reliability tradeoff.	Luca Benini
Error-block codes and poset metrics.	Luciano Panek
Errors in DOI indexing by bibliometric databases.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Escape Function Conditions for the Observation, Control, and Stabilization of the Wave Equation.	Luc Miller
Esquemas preconceptuales ejecutables.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Essential communication practices for Extreme Programming in a global software development team.	Lucas Layman
Essential use cases for pedagogical patterns.	Luca Botturi
Establishing digital molecular communications in blood vessels.	Luca Felicetti
Establishing norms with metanorms in distributed computational systems.	Michael Luck
Estimate of the tropospherical water vapor through microwave attenuation measurements in atmosphere.	Luca Facheris
Estimating Bedding Orientation From High-Resolution Digital Elevation Models.	Arko Lucieer
Estimating Soil Moisture With the Support Vector Regression Technique.	Luca Pasolli
Estimating complex cortical networks via surface recordings - A critical note.	Luciano da F. Costa
Estimating complex cortical networks via surface recordings - A critical note.	Lucas Antiqueira
Estimating derivatives and curvature of open curves.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Estimating sample mean under interval uncertainty and constraint on sample variance.	Luc Longpré
Estimating term domain relevance through term frequency, disjoint corpora frequency - tf-dcf.	Lucelene Lopes
Estimating the Mutual Information Between Bilateral Breast in Thermograms Using Nonparametric Windows.	Caro Lucas
Estimating the Quality of Service of Token Passing MAC Protocols.	Luciano Lenzini
Estimating the Size of the HIV/AIDS Epidemic: Complementary Use of the Empirical Bayesian Back-Calculation and the Mover-Stayer Model for Gathering the Largest Amount of Information.	Lucilla Ravà
Estimating the Uncertainty in the Frequency Domain Characterization of Digitizing Waveform Recorders.	Luca De Vito
Estimating the number of vertices of a polyhedron.	Luc Devroye
Estimation and empirical performance of non-scalar dynamic conditional correlation models.	Luc Bauwens
Estimation based on entropy matching for generalized Gaussian PDF modeling.	Luciano Alparone
Estimation du parallélisme au niveau système pour l'exploration de l'espace de conception de systèmes enfouis.	Jean Luc Philippe
Estimation of Diffusion Properties in Crossing Fiber Bundles.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Estimation of Discrete-Event Systems Using Interval Computation.	Luc Jaulin
Estimation of Heat Source Term and Thermal Diffusion in Tokamak Plasmas Using a Kalman Filtering Method in the Early Lumping Approach.	Luc Dugard
Estimation of M-wave scale factor during sustained contractions at high stimulation rate.	Luca Mesin
Estimation of Motor Unit Conduction Velocity From Surface EMG Recordings by Signal-Based Selection of the Spatial Filters.	Luca Mesin
Estimation of Myocardial Strain and Contraction Phase From Cine MRI Using Variational Data Assimilation.	Lucie Cassagnes
Estimation of Round-Off Errors on Several Computer Architectures.	Jean Luc Lamotte
Estimation of Two-Dimensional Affine Transformations Through Polar Curve Matching and Its Application to Image Mosaicking and Remote-Sensing Data Registration.	Luca Lucchese
Estimation of a Density Using Real and Artificial Data.	Luc Devroye
Estimation of channel statistics for iterative detection of OFDM signals.	Luca Sanguinetti
Estimation of chirp radar signals in compound-Gaussian clutter: a cyclostationary approach.	Lucio Verrazzani
Estimation of extreme percentiles in Birnbaum-Saunders distributions.	Lucia Santana
Estimation of monopolar signals from sphincter muscles and removal of common mode interference.	Luca Mesin
Estimation of teacher practices based on text transcripts of teacher speech using a support vector machine algorithm.	Gina Luci
Estimation of the Atmospheric Mean Radiating Temperature Throughout the World in a Nonscattering Atmosphere.	Maria Jose Lucas-Vegas
Estimation of the importance measures of multi-state elements by Monte Carlo simulation.	Luca Podofillini
Estimation of time-domain calibration parameters to restore MIMO-TDD channel reciprocity.	Luc Deneire
Estimation of urban traffic conditions using an Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) System.	Luca D'Acierno
Estratégias de Seleção de Conteúdo com Base na CST (Cross-document Structure Theory) para Sumarização Automática Multidocumento.	Maria Lucía del Rosario Castro Jorge
Estudio del tipo de alineamiento en un sistema de traducción estadística de castellano a Lengua de Signos Española (LSE).	Juan Manuel Lucas
Ethical monitoring of brain-machine interfaces.	Federica Lucivero
Ethics and ICT: Why all the fuss?	Richard Lucas
Eu.Gene Analyzer a tool for integrating gene expression data with pathway databases.	Luca Gambineri
Eukaryotic promoter recognition by binding sites for transcription factors.	Luciano Milanesi
Euler to the Rescue: 10869.	Florian Luca
EuroDia: a beta-cell gene expression resource.	Stephanie Lucas
European Parliament Online: Identifying the European Parliament's 2009 Online Communication Strategy.	Lucia Vesnic-Alujevic
Evaluating Different Solutions to Design Fault Tolerant Systems with SRAM-based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
Evaluating Feasibility of Using Wireless Sensor Networks in a Coffee Crop Through Simulation of AODV, AOMDV, DSDV and Their Variants with 802.15.4 Mac Protocol.	Lucas Cellim Pereira
Evaluating Interface Design Choices on WAP Phones: Navigation and Selection.	Luca Chittaro
Evaluating Network Reliability and 2-Edge-Connected Reliability in Linear Time for Bounded Pathwidth Graphs.	Corinne Lucet
Evaluating Tree Detection and Segmentation Routines on Very High Resolution UAV LiDAR Data.	Arko Lucieer
Evaluating WikiTrust: A trust support tool for Wikipedia.	Teun Lucassen
Evaluating a Mobile and Online System for Apprentices' Learning Documentation in Vocational Education: Usability, Effectiveness and Satisfaction.	Jean-Luc Gurtner
Evaluating and certifying QBFs: A comparison of state-of-the-art tools.	Luca Pulina
Evaluating application mapping scenarios on the Cell/B.E.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Evaluating clinical trial management systems: A simulation approach.	Luc Cassivi
Evaluating digital angles by a parallel diffusion process.	Luca Lombardi
Evaluating distributed inspection through controlled experiments.	Andrea De Lucia
Evaluating evaluation: Introducing a research project on the impact of Improve Your Library: A Self-Evaluation Process for School Libraries.	Lucy Gildersleeves
Evaluating how agent methodologies support the specification of the normative environment through the development process.	Michael Luck
Evaluating legacy system migration technologies through empirical studies.	Andrea De Lucia
Evaluating links through spectral decomposition	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Evaluating mobile apps for breathing training: The effectiveness of visualization.	Luca Chittaro
Evaluating per-application storage management in content-centric networks.	Luca Muscariello
Evaluating probabilistic model checking tools for verification of robot control policies.	Luca Pulina
Evaluating research institutions: the potential of the success-index.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Evaluating terminal management performances using SLAM: The case of Athens International Airport.	Luca Righi
Evaluating test-to-code traceability recovery methods through controlled experiments.	Andrea De Lucia
Evaluating the Competency of a First-Order Ontology.	Paqui Lucio
Evaluating the Diversification of Similarity Query Results.	Lucio F. D. Santos
Evaluating the Perception of Uncertainty in Alternative Visualization Strategies.	Lucy Bastin
Evaluating the Quality of Automatically Extracted Synonymy Information.	Lucy Vanderwende
Evaluating the Yield of Repairable SRAMs for ATE.	Luca Schiano
Evaluating the effort of composing design models: a controlled experiment.	Carlos Lucena
Evaluating the performance of regression algorithms on datasets with missing data.	Luciano Costa Blomberg
Evaluating the precision of eight spatial sampling schemes in estimating regional means of simulated yield for two crops.	Luca Doro
Evaluating the radiation sensitivity of GPGPU caches: New algorithms and experimental results.	Luca Sterpone
Evaluating the recovery-oriented approach through the systematic development of real complex applications.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Evaluating two implementations of the component responsible for decoding video and audio in the Brazilian digital TV middleware.	Juliano Lucas Gonçalves
Evaluating two implementations of the component responsible for decoding video and audio in the Brazilian digital TV middleware.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Evaluating vector data type usage in OpenCL kernels.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Evaluation of Digital Library Impact and User Communities by Analysis of Usage Patterns.	Richard Luce
Evaluation of Digital Repository Software at the National Library of Medicine.	Edward C. Luczak
Evaluation of GALS Methods in Scaled CMOS Technology: Moonrake Chip Experience.	Luca Benini
Evaluation of Integrated Routing/MAC Solutions for the Diffusion of Warning Messages in VANETs.	Luca Campelli
Evaluation of Machine Vision Algorithms for Autonomous Aerial Refueling for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Evaluation of Thermal and Nonthermal Effects of UHF RFID Exposure on Biological Drugs.	Luca Mainetti
Evaluation of Unimodal and Multimodal Communication Cues for Attracting Attention in Human-Robot Interaction.	Luca Romeo
Evaluation of Vehicle Penetration Loss at Wireless Communication Frequencies.	Luc Martens
Evaluation of a 3D serious game for advanced life support retraining.	Luca Chittaro
Evaluation of a compact CAD course in laboratory experiments.	Holger Luczak
Evaluation of a large-scale biomedical data annotation initiative.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Evaluation of a mobile mindfulness app distributed through on-line stores: A 4-week study.	Luca Chittaro
Evaluation of a new hybrid algorithm for highly imbalanced classification problems.	Lucas C. Uzal
Evaluation of a rational function.	Lucas Jódar
Evaluation of brain atrophy estimation algorithms using simulated ground-truth data.	Lucien Rumbach
Evaluation of compound system calls in the Linux kernel.	Lucio Borges de Araujo
Evaluation of cutoff policies for term extraction.	Lucelene Lopes
Evaluation of feature point detection in high dynamic range imagery.	Lucy Hooberman
Evaluation of handwriting kinematics and pressure for differential diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.	Lucia Masarová
Evaluation of informatics systems: beyond RCTs and beyond the hospital.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Evaluation of interrupt handling timeliness in real-time Linux operating systems.	Luciano Barreto
Evaluation of laser dynamic speckle signals applying granular computing.	Lucía Isabel Passoni
Evaluation of laser dynamic speckle signals applying granular computing.	Ana Lucía Dai Pra
Evaluation of methods for detection of fluorescence labeled subcellular objects in microscope images.	Lucas Pelkmans
Evaluation of parallel particle swarm optimization algorithms within the CUDA™ architecture.	Luca Mussi
Evaluation of potential effects of RFID-based item-level tracing systems on the integrity of biological pharmaceutical products.	Luca Mainetti
Evaluation of signaling loads in 3GPP networks.	Luca Salgarelli
Evaluation of the Run-Length Probability Distribution for CUSUM Charts: Assessing Chart Performance.	Alberto Luceño
Evaluation of the normal-to-diseased apparent diffusion coefficient ratio as an indicator of prostate cancer aggressiveness.	Ciprian Lucan
Evaluation of the potential for energy saving in macrocell and femtocell networks using a heuristic introducing sleep modes in base stations.	Luc Martens
Evaluation of the representativeness of networks of sites for the global validation and intercomparison of land biophysical products: proposition of the CEOS-BELMANIP.	Jean Luc Champeaux
Evaluation of transfer evidence for three-level multivariate data with the use of graphical models.	D. Lucy
Evaluation, analysis, and enhancement of error resilience for reliable compression of VLSI test data.	Luca Schiano
Even Good Bots Fight.	Luciano Floridi
Event Structure Spans for Nondeterministic Dataflow.	Lucy Saunders-Evans
Event-driven power management.	Luca Benini
Event-triggered transmission for linear control over communication channels.	Luca Zaccarian
Event-triggered transmission for linear control over communication channels.	Luca Zaccarian
Eventually Strong Failure Detector with Unknown Membership.	Luciana Arantes
Eventually-Serializable Data Services.	Victor Luchangco
Evoked Neural Responses to Events in Video.	Lucas C. Parra
Evolution of Conversations in the Age of Email Overload.	Luca Maria Aiello
Evolution of Internet Address Space Deaggregation: Myths and Reality.	Luca Cittadini
Evolution of new algorithms for the binary knapsack problem.	Lucas Parada
Evolution of the Codebook Technique for Automatic Fault Localization.	Luca Monacelli
Evolution of the Internet $k$-Dense Structure.	Luciano Lenzini
Evolution of the Internet k-dense structure	Luciano Lenzini
Evolutionary Optimisation of Mechanical Structures: Towards an Integrated Optimisation.	Jean-Luc Marcelin
Evolutionary extreme learning machine based on particle swarm optimization and clustering strategies.	Luciano D. S. Pacifico
Evolutionary mixed games in structured populations: Cooperation and the benefits of heterogeneity.	Lucas Wardil
Evolutionary stability in repeated extensive games played by finite automata.	Luciano Andreozzi
Evolutionary testing of autonomous software agents.	Michael Luck
Evolving Self-Organizing Behaviors for a Swarm-Bot.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Evolving Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model based on switching to neighboring models.	Caro Lucas
Evolving artificial neural network structure using grammar encoding and colonial competitive algorithm.	Caro Lucas
Evolving classifiers on field programmable gate arrays: Migrating XCS to FPGAs.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Evolving controllers for simulated car racing	Simon M. Lucas
Ex Machina: Personal Attacks Seen at Scale.	Lucas Dixon
Exact Bounds on Finite Populations of Interval Data.	Luc Longpré
Exact Classical Simulation of the Quantum-Mechanical GHZ Distribution.	Luc Devroye
Exact Minimization of Binary Decision Diagrams Using Implicit Techniques.	Luca P. Carloni
Exact Solution to a Location Problem with Stochastic Demands.	Luc van Hamme
Exact algorithms for OWA-optimization in multiobjective spanning tree problems.	Lucie Galand
Exact algorithms for the minimum power symmetric connectivity problem in wireless networks.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Exact and Approximate Truthful Mechanisms for the Shortest Paths Tree Problem.	Luciano Gualà
Exact and approximate algorithms for movement problems on (special classes of) graphs.	Luciano Gualà
Exact and heuristic approaches for the set cover with pairs problem.	Luciana Brugiolo Gonçalves
Exact and numerical solution of Black-Scholes matrix equation.	Lucas Jódar
Exact control of genetic networks in a qualitative framework: The bistable switch example.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Exact mean field dynamics for epidemic-like processes on heterogeneous networks	Andrew Lucas
Exact simulation for the GHZ distribution	Luc Devroye
Exact solution of variable coefficient mixed hyperbolic partial differential problems.	Lucas Jódar
Examining Multiple Features for Author Profiling.	Lucas Mizusaki
Examining priming and gender as a means to reduce risk in a social networking context: Can stories change disclosure and privacy setting use when personal profiles are constructed?	Lucia Zivcakova
Examining the Challenges of Scientific Workflows.	Luc Moreau
Examining the impact of off-task multi-tasking with technology on real-time classroom learning.	Lucia Zivcakova
Examples of Fast and Slow Convergence of 2D Asynchronous Cellular Systems.	Lucas Gerin
Excemplify: A Flexible Template Based Solution, Parsing and Managing Data in Spreadsheets for Experimentalists.	Philippe Lucarelli
Exception handling for copyless messaging.	Luca Padovani
Exceptional rotations of random graphs: a VC theory.	Luc Devroye
Exclusion-inclusion based text categorization of biomedical articles.	Nadine Lucas
Exergaming and rehabilitation: A methodology for the design of effective and safe therapeutic exergames.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Existence Conditions for Functional Observability From an Eigenspace Perspective.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Existence and multiplicity for positive solutions of a multi-point boundary value problem.	Rodica Luca
Existence conditions for Coons patches interpolating geodesic boundary curves.	Luc Biard
Existence of positive solutions for a system of higher-order multi-point boundary value problems.	Rodica Luca
Existence of weakly efficient solutions in nonsmooth vector optimization.	Lucelina Batista dos Santos
Existence, uniqueness and continuity of trapezoidal approximations of fuzzy numbers under a general condition.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Existence, uniqueness, calculus and properties of triangular approximations of fuzzy numbers under a general condition.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Existential uncertainty of spatial objects segmented from satellite sensor imagery.	Arko Lucieer
Existing offset assignments are near optimal for an industrial AFDX network.	Jean-Luc Scharbarg
Expanding mobile ad hoc grids with wired grid resources.	Luciana dos S. Lima
Expansion of Centered Triangulations.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Expansion of multivariable polynomials in products of orthogonal polynomials in one variable.	Luc Rebillard
Expansivity, Permutivity, and Chaos for Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Expectation Propagation for Near-Optimum Detection of MIMO-GFDM Signals.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Expected time analysis for Delaunay point location.	Luc Devroye
Expected time analysis of a simple recursive Poisson random variate generator.	Luc Devroye
Expected worst-case partial match in random quadtries.	Luc Devroye
Expedition in das Datenreich: Exploratives Erlernen von Internetdiensten.	Ulrike Lucke
Experience Replay for Real-Time Reinforcement Learning Control.	Lucian Busoniu
Experience building non-functional requirement models of a complex industrial architecture (abstracts only).	Luca Berardinelli
Experience building non-functional requirement models of a complex industrial architecture (abstracts only).	Lucia Kapová
Experience form the future - using object-orientation concepts for 3D visualization and validation of industrial scenarios.	Volker Luckas
Experience with CONSER: A System for Server Control through Fluid Modeling.	Luc Malrait
Experience with Hierarchical Storage Management based on GPFS and TSM at INFN-CNAF.	Luca dell'Agnello
Experience with model-based performance, reliability, and adaptability assessment of a complex industrial architecture.	Lucia Happe
Experience with model-based performance, reliability, and adaptability assessment of a complex industrial architecture.	Luca Berardinelli
Experience-based Auditory Predictions Modulate Brain Activity to Silence as Do Real Sounds.	Marzia De Lucia
Experience-based Auditory Predictions Modulate Brain Activity to Silence as Do Real Sounds.	Lucas Spierer
Experiences With a Two-Terminal-Pair Digital Impedance Bridge.	Luca Callegaro
Experiences in the Implementation of a Process-centered Software Engineering Environment Using Object-Oriented Technology.	Luciano Baresi
Experiences with SoftToken: a token-based coordination layer for WLANs.	Lucas Eznarriaga
Experiences with an Autonomous Robot Attending AAAI.	Luc Lussier
Experiment Centric Teaching for Reconfigurable Processors.	Pierre-Yves Lucas
Experiment design in a bounded-error context: Comparison with D-optimality.	Luc Pronzato
Experimental Analysis of Popular Smartphone Apps Offering Anonymity, Ephemerality, and End-to-End Encryption.	Lucky Onwuzurike
Experimental Evaluation of a SIP-Based Home Gateway with Multiple Wireless Interfaces for Domotics Systems.	Luca Tavanti
Experimental Evaluation of an Industrial Application Layer Protocol Over Wireless Systems.	Luca Schenato
Experimental Evaluations of Algorithms for IP Table Minimization.	Luca Moscardelli
Experimental Evidence of Chaos from Memristors.	Lucia Valentina Gambuzza
Experimental Missions in W-Band: A Small LEO Satellite Approach.	Marco Lucente
Experimental analysis of a vibrating tribocharging device of plastic particles for free-fall triboelectric separator.	Lucien Dascalescu
Experimental and Theoretical Evaluation of Distortion Effects on SCM Optical Transmissions Due to the Joint Action of Static Chirping, Dynamic Chirping and Dispersive Channel.	Lucien P. Ghislain
Experimental and fuzzy modelling analysis on dynamic cutting force in micro milling.	Luc Baron
Experimental and simulation analysis of a WiMAX system in an emergency marine scenario.	Luca Tavanti
Experimental car plate recognition system by neural networks and image processing.	G. Lucarelli
Experimental characterisation of the off-body wireless channel at 2.4 GHz for dairy cows in barns and pastures.	Luc Martens
Experimental comparison of CAD systems by stressor variables.	Holger Luczak
Experimental evaluation of a sleep-aware dynamic bandwidth allocation in a multi-ONU 10G-EPON testbed.	Luca Valcarenghi
Experimental evidence of chaos from memristors.	Lucia Valentina Gambuzza
Experimental identification of the static model of the HPKM Tricept industrial robot.	Luca Carbonari
Experimental results on the level crossing rate and average fade duration for urban fixed wireless channels.	Luciano Ahumada
Experimental studies on graph drawing algorithms.	Luca Vismara
Experimentation and project selection: Screening and learning.	Lucas Maestri
Experiments on output tracking with internal stability by learning for a one-link flexible arm.	Pasquale Lucibello
Experiments with LAGRASP heuristic for set k-covering.	Luciana S. Pessoa
Experiments with the Traveler's Dilemma: welfare, strategic choice and implicit collusion.	Luca Stanca
Expert System for Predicting Reaction Conditions: The Michael Reaction Case.	A. de Luca
Expert environments: machine intelligence methods for ambient intelligence.	Gian Luca Foresti
Expert system for machine-aided indexing.	John Lucey
Expiration-Phase Template-Based Motion Correction of Free-Breathing Abdominal Dynamic Contrast Enhanced MRI.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Explaining clinical decisions by extracting regularity patterns.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Explanation for the AC-DC Voltage Transfer Differences in Thin-Film Multijunction Thermal Converters on Silicon Chips at High Frequencies.	Luciana Scarioni
Explicit Solutions for Transcendental Equations.	Rogelio Luck
Explicit Substitutions.	Luca Cardelli
Explicit bounds for the solutions of second order linear differential equations.	Lucas Jódar
Explicit formula for the generating series of diagonal 3D rook paths	Lucien Pech
Explicit fusions.	Lucian Wischik
Explicit solution of Black-Scholes option pricing mathematical models with an impulsive payoff function.	Lucas Jódar
Exploiting Concurrency for the Automated Synthesis of MPSoC Interconnects.	Luca Gallo
Exploiting Dual-Output Programmable Blocks to Balance Secure Dual-Rail Logics.	Jean-Luc Danger
Exploiting FPGA Block Memories for Protected Cryptographic Implementations.	Jean-Luc Danger
Exploiting Hysteresys in MCML Circuits.	Luca Pancioni
Exploiting Locality in Single Assignment Data Structures Updated Through Split-Phase Transactions.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Exploiting Pseudorandom Sequences to Enhance Noise Immunity for Air-Coupled Ultrasonic Nondestructive Testing.	Luca Senni
Exploiting Regularities for Boolean Function Synthesis.	Fabrizio Luccio
Exploiting Rules for Word Sense Disambiguation in Machine Translation.	Lucia Specia
Exploiting Symmetries for Testing Equivalence Verification in the Spi Calculus.	Luca Durante
Exploiting Temporal Discharge Current Information to Improve the Efficiency of Clustered Power-Gating.	Luca Benini
Exploiting a Geometrically Sampled Grid in the SRP-PHAT for Localization Improvement and Power Response Sensitivity Analysis.	Gian Luca Foresti
Exploiting abstractions in cost-sensitive abductive problem solving with observations and actions.	Luca Anselma
Exploiting analogical representations.	Luc Steels
Exploiting causal functional relationships in Bayesian network modelling for personalised healthcare.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Exploiting causal independence in large Bayesian networks.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Exploiting derivative-free local searches in DIRECT-type algorithms for global optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Exploiting freely available imagery to improve land cover characterization and shallow landslide detection.	Luca Schenato
Exploiting local and repeated structure in Dynamic Bayesian Networks.	Luc De Raedt
Exploiting locality and tolerating remote memory access latency using thread migration.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Exploiting neural trees in range image understanding.	Gian Luca Foresti
Exploiting packet size in uncertain nonlinear networked control systems.	Luca Greco 0004
Exploiting product forms solution techniques in multiformalism modeling.	Gian-Luca Dei Rossi
Exploiting runtime bytecode manipulation to add roles to Java agents.	Luca Ferrari
Exploiting selective instruction reuse and value prediction in a superscalar architecture.	Lucian N. Vintan
Exploiting semantic web services in achieving flexible application integration in the microelectronics field.	Lucien Vincent
Exploiting tag similarities to discover synonyms and homonyms in folksonomies.	Luca Mazzola
Exploiting temporal statistics for events analysis and understanding.	Gian Luca Foresti
Exploiting the Knowledge of Task Structure for Distributed Allocation.	Lucia Lo Bello
Exploration and Optimization of 3-D Integrated DRAM Subsystems.	Luca Benini
Exploration de l'espace de conception des architectures reconfigurables.	Jean Luc Philippe
Exploration for nonrenewable Resources in a Dynamic oligopoly: an Arrovian Result.	Luca Lambertini
Explorative data analysis techniques and unsupervised clustering methods to support clinical assessment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) phenotypes.	Lucia Cestelli
Exploring Agent-Based Methods for the Analysis of Payment Systems: A Crisis Model for StarLogo TNG.	Luca Arciero
Exploring NoC-Based MPSoC Design Space with Power Estimation Models.	Luciano Ost
Exploring Prediction Uncertainty in Machine Translation Quality Estimation.	Lucia Specia
Exploring Variants of 2-Opt and 3-Opt for the General Routing Problem.	Luc Muyldermans
Exploring architectural solutions for energy optimisations in bus-based system-on-chip.	Luca Benini
Exploring complex networks by means of adaptive walkers	Luce Prignano
Exploring context-sensitive data flow analysis for early vulnerability detection.	Luciano Sampaio
Exploring design diversity redundancy to improve resilience in mixed-signal systems.	Lucas A. Tambara
Exploring mechanisms of spontaneous functional connectivity in MEG: How delayed network interactions lead to structured amplitude envelopes of band-pass filtered oscillations.	Henry Luckhoo
Exploring networks with traceroute-like probes: Theory and simulations.	Luca Dall'Asta
Exploring networks with traceroute-like probes: theory and simulations	Luca Dall'Asta
Exploring temperature-aware design in low-power MPSoCs.	Luca Benini
Exploring the IBIS data library contents: Tools for data visualisation, (pre-) processing and screening.	Luc Cluitmans
Exploring the Influence of Affiliation Motivation in the Effectiveness of Web-Based Courses.	Edimara Mezzomo Luciano
Exploring the Limitations of Software-based Techniques in SEE Fault Coverage.	Lucas Rosa
Exploring the Suitability of Virtual Environments for Safety Training: Signals, Norms and Ambiguity in a Simulated Emergency Escape.	Luciano Gamberini
Exploring the Use of Adaptively Restrained Particles for Graphics Simulations.	Pierre-Luc Manteaux
Exploring the efficacy of molecular fragments of different complexity in computational SAR modeling.	Luc De Raedt
Exploring the feasibility of a two-layer NN-based sound classifier for hearing aids.	Lucas Cuadra
Exploring the limits of Arrhenius-based life testing with heterojunction bipolar transistor technology.	Luc De Schepper
Exploring the use of peer review in large university courses.	Naemi Luckner
Exploring uncertainty and model predictive performance concepts via a modular snowmelt-runoff modeling framework.	Lucy Amanda Marshall
Exploring uncertainty in remotely sensed data with parallel coordinate plots.	Arko Lucieer
Exploring variables of transaction costs in Brazilian automotive supply chains.	Jonas Lucio Maia
Exponential Bounds for the Running Time of a Selection Algorithm.	Luc Devroye
Exponential Segregation in a Two-Dimensional Schelling Model with Tolerant Individuals.	Brendan Lucier
Exponential monotonicity of quadratic forms in ODEs and preserving methods.	Luciano Lopez
Exponential splitting for nonautonomous linear discrete-time systems in Banach spaces.	Ioan-Lucian Popa
Exponential versus IMEX high-order time integrators for thermal convection in rotating spherical shells.	Luca Bonaventura
Expressing embedded systems configurations at high abstraction levels with UML MARTE profile: Advantages, limitations and alternatives.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Expression and function of the homeodomain-containing protein Hex in thyroid cells.	Lucia Pellizzari
Expressive generalized itemsets.	Luca Cagliero
Extended Extremes of Information Combining	Lucas Boczkowski
Extended Fuzzy C-Means and Genetic Algorithms to Optimize Power Flow Management in Hybrid Electric Vehicles.	Lucio Ippolito
Extended LaSalle's Invariance Principle for Full-Range Cellular Neural Networks.	Luca Pancioni
Extended Performance Evaluation of PRADOS: A Scheduling Algorithm for Traffic Integration in a Wireless ATM Network.	Luciano Lenzini
Extended Wireless Monitoring Through Intelligent Hybrid Energy Supply.	Luca Benini
Extended causal modeling to assess Partial Directed Coherence in multiple time series with significant instantaneous interactions.	Luca Faes
Extended comprehensive study of association measures for fault localization.	Lucia
Extended computational kernels in a massively parallel implementation of the Trotter-Suzuki approximation.	Luca Calderaro
Extended notions of sign consistency to relate experimental data to signaling and regulatory network topologies.	Luca Cerone
Extended small gain theorem for time-delay switched systems control and closed-loop robustness enhancement.	Luca Galbusera
Extended triple systems: geometric motivations and algebraic constructions.	Lucien Bénéteau
Extending Amdahl's Law for Heterogeneous Multicore Processor with Consideration of the Overhead of Data Preparation.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Extending BCDM to Cope with Proposals and Evaluations of Updates.	Luca Anselma
Extending HTTP models to Web 2.0 applications: the case of online social networks.	Luca Caviglione
Extending Robustness and Randomization from Consensus to Symmetrization Algorithms.	Luca Mazzarella
Extending SMER-based CPGs to accommodate total support phases and kinematics-safe transitions between gait rhythms of hexapod robots.	Luciano S. C. Raptopoulos
Extending Traffic Simulation Based On Cellular Automata: From ParticlesTo Autonomous Agents.	Luciana S. Buriol
Extending a simple genetic cooperative-competitive learning fuzzy classifier to low quality datasets.	Luciano Sánchez
Extending a system in the calculus of structures with a self-dual quantifier	Luca Roversi
Extending the Definition of Prime Compatibility Classes of States in Incomplete Sequential Machine Reduction.	Fabrizio Luccio
Extending the analog input capabilities of the DS1102 DSP controller board.	Luc Loron
Extending the state-of-the-art of constraint-based pattern discovery.	Claudio Lucchese
Extensions of UML to Model Aspect-oriented Software Systems.	Lucas Bueno Ruas de Oliveira
Extensions of system signatures to dependent lifetimes: Explicit expressions and interpretations.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Extensive Penetration Loss Measurements and Models for Different Building Types for DVB-H in the UHF Band.	Luc Martens
Extracción de elementos de una ontología del dominio a partir de documentos tipo esquema.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Extract-biased pseudo-revelance feedback.	Lucia Helena Machado Rino
Extracting Association Patterns in Network Communications.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Extracting Information from Resolution Proof Trees.	David C. Luckham
Extracting and evaluating conversational patterns in social media: A socio-semantic analysis of customers' reactions to the launch of new products using Twitter streams.	Luca Iandoli
Extracting and predicting the communication behaviour of parallel applications.	Luciano José Senger
Extracting causal graphs from an open provenance data model.	Luc Moreau
Extracting compound terms from domain corpora.	Lucelene Lopes
Extracting the main patterns of natural time series for long-term neurofuzzy prediction.	Caro Lucas
Extracting, Linking and Integrating Data from Public Sources: A Financial Case Study.	Lucian Popa
Extraction de programmes à partir de spécifications en logique existentielle du second ordre par compilation de connaissances.	Lucas Bordeaux
Extraction of Adverse Drug Effects from Medical Case Reports.	Luca Toldo
Extraction of Historical Events from Wikipedia	Francesco Luciano
Extractors and pseudorandom generators.	Luca Trevisan
Extremal values and bounds for the zero forcing number.	Lucia Draque Penso
Extremal words in morphic subshifts.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Extreme Learning Surrogate Models in Multi-objective Optimization based on Decomposition.	Lucas M. Pavelski
Extremum seeking control of a tunable thermoacoustic cooler.	Luc G. Mongeau
Exudate-based diabetic macular edema detection in fundus images using publicly available datasets.	Luca Giancardo
Eye-Tracking Metrics for Task-Based Supervisory Control.	Luca F. Bertuccelli
F-transform with parametric generalized fuzzy partitions.	Luciano Stefanini
FABIA: factor analysis for bicluster acquisition.	Luc Bijnens
FAST: FFT ASIC automated synthesis.	Luca Fanucci
FD MOS SOI circuit to enhance the ratio of illuminated to dark current of a co-integrated a-Si: H photodiode.	A. de Lucca
FEBA: a bandwidth allocation algorithm for service differentiation in IEEE 802.16 mesh networks.	Luciano Lenzini
FIRST: Fuzzy Information Retrieval SysTem.	Dario Lucarella
FLBRA: Fuzzy Logic Based Routing Algorithm for Indoor Wireless Sensor Networks.	Lucas Leão
FMS for Unmanned Aerial Systems: HMI Issues and New Interface Solutions.	Luca Damilano
FO2(<, +1, ~) on data trees, data tree automata and branching vector addition systems.	Luc Segoufin
FPGA and ASIC Implementations of the etaT Pairing in Characteristic Three.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
FPGA and ASIC implementations of the etaT pairing in characteristic three.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
FPGA implementation of the JPEG2000 binary arithmetic (MQ) decoder.	David Lucking
FPGA-Based Test-Bench for Resonant Inverter Load Characterization.	Oscar Lucía
FPGA-Based Virtual Screening Acceleration of Rigid-Molecule Docking.	Oscar Lucía
FPGA-based many-core System-on-Chip design.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
FPN Attenuation by Reset-Drain Actuation in the Linear-Logarithmic Active Pixel Sensor.	Vicente Ferreira de Lucena
FREDA: a methodology and a tool for monitoring quality and reliability of equipment and systems in the field [telecommunications].	Luciano Salari
FSAI-based parallel Mixed Constraint Preconditioners for saddle point problems arising in geomechanics.	Luca Bergamaschi
FT-COMAR: fault tolerant three-dimensional structure reconstruction from protein contact maps.	Luciano Margara
Fabrication and Characterization of a Wavenumber-Spiral Frequency-Steerable Acoustic Transducer for Source Localization in Plate Structures.	Luca De Marchi
Face Spoof Attack Recognition Using Discriminative Image Patches.	Gian Luca Foresti
Face Tracking and Realistic Animations for Telecommunicant Clones.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Face vectors of subdivided simplicial complexes.	Lucas Sabalka
FaceMashup: An End-User Development Tool for Social Network Data.	Lucio Davide Spano
Facebook, Twitter, & Qr codes: An exploratory trial examining the feasibility of social media mechanisms for sample recruitment.	Lucy L. Gu
Facetwise Analysis of XCS for Problems With Class Imbalances.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Facial motion tracking and animation: AN ICA-based approach.	Lucas D. Terissi
Facing the Reality: Validation of Energy Saving Mechanisms on a Testbed.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Factorial Languages Whose Growth Function is Quadratically Upper Bounded.	Aldo de Luca
Factorization of analytic functions by means of Koenig's theorem and Toeplitz computations.	Luca Gemignani
Factors affecting the design of load balancing algorithms in distributed systems.	Lucia Lo Bello
Factors influencing acceptance of e-learning by teachers in the Czech Republic.	Lucie Rohlíková
Factors influencing quality of experience of commonly used mobile applications.	Lucjan Janowski
Factual accuracy and trust in information: The role of expertise.	Teun Lucassen
Failure Detection for Facial Landmark Detectors.	Luc Van Gool
Failure detection and isolation of ultrasonic ranging sensors for robotic applications.	Rogelio Luck
Failure mechanism study and immunity modeling of an embedded analog-to-digital converter based on immunity measurements.	Jean-Luc Levant
Failure of Engineering Artifacts: A Life Cycle Approach.	Luca Del Frate
Failure sources in R&D consortia: the case of mobile service development.	Mikkel Lucas Overby
Failure-free education? - By David Reynolds.	Lucy R. Betts
Fair Cost Allocation in Cellular-Bluetooth Cooperation Scenarios.	Luca Paolo Romeo
Fair Expressions and Regular Languages over Lists.	Luca Breveglieri
Fair and optimal dynamic admission control of elastic flows.	Pier Luca Montessoro
Fair dissections of spiders, worms, and caterpillars.	Mario Lucertini
Fair play doesn't matter: MEP modulation as a neurophysiological signature of status quo bias in economic interactions.	Luca Zarri
Fair subtyping for multi-party session types.	Luca Padovani
Fairness concerns in digital right management models.	Luc Bouganim
Familiar face recognition: A comparative study of a connectionist model and human performance.	Adrian J. Luckman
Familiarity or Conceptual Priming? Good Question! Comment on Stenberg, Hellman, Johansson, and Rosén (2009).	Heather D. Lucas
Families of twisted tensor product codes	Luca Giuzzi
Families of twisted tensor product codes.	Luca Giuzzi
Familles de langages translatables et fermées par crochet	Luc Boasson
Farey codes and languages.	Aldo de Luca
Fast Algorithms for Bayesian Uncertainty Quantification in Large-Scale Linear Inverse Problems Based on Low-Rank Partial Hessian Approximations.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Fast Approximate Max-n Monte Carlo Tree Search for Ms Pac-Man.	Simon M. Lucas
Fast Architectures for the \eta_T Pairing over Small-Characteristic Supersingular Elliptic Curves.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Fast Architectures for the etaT Pairing over Small-Characteristic Supersingular Elliptic Curves.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Fast Arithmetics in Artin-Schreier Towers over Finite Fields	Luca De Feo
Fast Binary Image Processing Using Binary Decision Diagrams.	Luc Robert
Fast Computation of Discharge Current Upper Bounds for Clustered Power Gating.	Luca Benini
Fast Data Compression with Antidictionaries.	Lucian Ilie
Fast Electromagnetic Analysis of MRI Transmit RF Coils Based on Accelerated Integral Equation Methods.	Luca Daniel
Fast HEVC Encoding Decisions Using Data Mining.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Fast Hankel transform by fast sine and cosine transforms: the Mellin connection.	Luc Knockaert
Fast Image Scanning with Deep Max-Pooling Convolutional Neural Networks	Luca Maria Gambardella
Fast Initial Response for CUSUM Quality-Control Schemes: Give Your CUSUM A Head Start.	James M. Lucas
Fast Inversion of Hankel and Toeplitz Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Fast MAP Despeckling Based on Laplacian-Gaussian Modeling of Wavelet Coefficients.	Luciano Alparone
Fast Marching Trees: a Fast Marching Sampling-Based Method for Optimal Motion Planning in Many Dimensions - Extended Version.	Lucas Janson
Fast Moreau envelope computation I: numerical algorithms.	Yves Lucet
Fast Optical Flow using Dense Inverse Search.	Luc J. Van Gool
Fast PDE approach to surface reconstruction from large cloud of points.	Luca Piccarreta
Fast PRISM: Branch and Bound Hough Transform for Object Class Detection.	Luc J. Van Gool
Fast Parallel Computation of the Polynomial Remainder Sequence Via Bezout and Hankel Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Fast QR Eigenvalue Algorithms for Hessenberg Matrices Which Are Rank-One Perturbations of Unitary Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Fast Surface-Based Travel Depth Estimation Algorithm for Macromolecule Surface Shape Description.	Jean-Luc Gala
Fast Track section on "Mobile Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks".	Luciano Bononi
Fast Traversal of Large Ensembles of Regression Trees.	Claudio Lucchese
Fast algorithms for ell-adic towers over finite fields	Luca De Feo
Fast and Accurate Radiative Transfer in the Microwave With Optimum Spectral Sampling.	Jean-Luc Moncet
Fast and Memory Efficient Mining of Frequent Closed Itemsets.	Claudio Lucchese
Fast and accurate statistical characterization of standard cell libraries.	Lucas Brusamarello
Fast and robust extraction of surrogate respiratory signal from intra-operative liver ultrasound images.	London Lucien Ooi
Fast and stable QR eigenvalue algorithms for generalized companion matrices and secular equations.	Luca Gemignani
Fast animation of large dynamic networks.	Luca Maria Aiello
Fast arithmetics in Artin-Schreier towers over finite fields.	Luca De Feo
Fast community unfolding via sampling processes in complex networks.	Luciano da F. Costa
Fast computation of frequency warping transforms.	Luca De Marchi
Fast computation of neighbor seeds.	Lucian Ilie
Fast connected-component labelling in three-dimensional binary images based on iterative recursion.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Fast convolution with the free space Helmholtz Green's function.	Lucas Monzón
Fast correlation technique for glacier flow monitoring by digital camera and space-borne SAR images.	Luc Moreau
Fast detection of exact clones in business process model repositories.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Fast estimation from above of the maximum wave speed in the Riemann problem for the Euler equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Fast evolving neuro-fuzzy model and its application in online classification and time series prediction.	Caro Lucas
Fast heuristics for large scale covering-location problems.	Luce Brotcorne
Fast intra prediction algorithm based on texture analysis for 3D-HEVC encoders.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Fast keypoint detection in video sequences.	Luca Baroffio
Fast learning of relational kernels.	Luc De Raedt
Fast machine reassignment.	Lucian Finta
Fast machine reassignment.	Lucas Létocart
Fast marching tree: A fast marching sampling-based method for optimal motion planning in many dimensions.	Lucas Janson
Fast n-point correlation functions and three-point lensing application	Lucy Liuxuan Zhang
Fast optical signal in visual cortex: Improving detection by General Linear Convolution Model.	Gian Luca Romani
Fast optical signals in the sensorimotor cortex: General Linear Convolution Model applied to multiple source-detector distance-based data.	Gian Luca Romani
Fast overlapping of protein contact maps by alignment of eigenvectors.	Luciano Margara
Fast phase sequences spreading codes for CDMA using FFT.	Luca Simone Ronga
Fast quantum algorithms for handling probabilistic and interval uncertainty.	Luc Longpré
Fast resolution of a single factor Heath-Jarrow-Morton model with stochastic volatility.	Lucas Lacasa
Fast stochastic optimization for articulated structure tracking.	Luc J. Van Gool
Fast thermal fatigue on top metal layer of power devices.	Lucia Torrisi
Fast unsteady flow computations with a Jacobian-free Newton-Krylov algorithm.	Peter Lucas
Fast virtual deployment of self-expandable stents: Method and in vitro evaluation for intracranial aneurysmal stenting.	Luca Augsburger
Fast, statistically based alignment of amino acid sequences on the base of diagonal fragments of DOT-matrices.	Luciano Milanesi
Faster than the Fast Legendre Transform, the Linear-time Legendre Transform.	Yves Lucet
Fault Coverage on RF VCOs and BIST for Wafer Sort Using Peak-to-Peak Voltage Detectors.	Luca Testa
Fault Detection for Robot Manipulators via Second-Order Sliding Modes.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
Fault Injection Attacks on Cryptographic Devices: Theory, Practice, and Countermeasures.	Luca Breveglieri
Fault Localization in Multi-Threaded C Programs using Bounded Model Checking (extended version).	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Fault detection for discrete-time Markov jump linear systems with partially known transition probabilities.	Luc Baron
Fault detection in dynamic systems by a Fuzzy/Bayesian network formulation.	Lucas A. Aguiar
Fault detection in dynamic systems by a Fuzzy/Bayesian network formulation.	Luciana B. Cosme
Fault localization in data networks.	Luca Monacelli
Fault-Tolerant Approximate Shortest-Path Trees.	Luciano Gualà
Fault-Tolerant Distributed Deployment of Embedded Control Software.	Luca P. Carloni
Fault-tolerant support for reliable multicast in Mobile Wireless Systems: Design and Evaluation.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Feasibility Pump-like heuristics for mixed integer problems.	Stefano Lucidi
Feasibility of a Photovoltaic-Thermoelectric Generator: Performance Analysis and Simulation Results.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Feasibility study on distributed simulations of BGP	Luc Hogie
Feasibility study on distributed simulations of BGP	Luc Hogie
Feature Based Task Recommendation in Crowdsourcing with Implicit Observations.	Lucas Joppa
Feature Depth Observation for Image-based Visual Servoing: Theory and Experiments.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Feature Interactions: The Next Generation (Dagstuhl Seminar 14281).	Luciano Baresi
Feature Line Extraction on Meshes through Vertex Marking and 2D Topological Operators.	Jean-Luc Mari
Feature Selection for Accelerometer-Based Posture Analysis in Parkinson's Disease.	Luca Palmerini
Feature Selection for Sound Classification in Hearing Aids Through Restricted Search Driven by Genetic Algorithms.	Lucas Cuadra
Feature interaction detection using a synchronous approach and testing.	Jean-Luc Richier
Feature selection and classification of imbalanced datasets: Application to PET images of children with autistic spectrum disorders.	Jean-Luc Martinot
Feature vectors for road vehicle scene classification.	Ian C. Luckraft
Feature-based tuning of simulated annealing applied to the curriculum-based course timetabling problem.	Luca Di Gaspero
Feature-based tuning of simulated annealing applied to the curriculum-based course timetabling problem.	Luca Di Gaspero
Features and heterogeneities in growing network models	Luca Ferretti
Feedback Codes Achieving the Capacity of the Z-Channel.	Luca G. Tallini
Feedback stabilization for high order feedforward nonlinear time-delay systems.	Luc Baron
Feedback tuning of bifurcations.	Luc Moreau
Feedback vertex set in hypercubes.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Feedback vertex sets in mesh-based networks.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Feedback-related Negativity Codes Prediction Error but Not Behavioral Adjustment during Probabilistic Reversal Learning.	Lucy Durham
Feeling Blue? Go Online: An Empirical Study of Social Support Among Patients.	Lu Lucy Yan
Fehlerkorrigierende Codes - Ein Unterrichtsbeispiel zum gelenkten entdeckenden Lernen.	Lucia Keller
Fences in weak memory models (extended version).	Luc Maranget
Fenix - personalized information filtering system for WWW pages.	Luci Pirmez
Fermat Primes and Heron Triangles with Prime Power Sides.	Florian Luca
Fermat: An Intelligent Social Network for Mathematics.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Fetal brain MRI: segmentation and biometric analysis of the posterior fossa.	Jean-Luc Daire
Fiber Optic Broadband Ultrasonic Probe for Virtual Biopsy: Technological Solutions.	Luca Belsito
Fibring Labelled Deduction Systems.	Luca Viganò 0001
Fictitious Domain Approach Via Lagrange Multipliers with Least Squares Spectral Element Method.	Lucia Parussini
Fictitious Domain approach with hp-finite element approximation for incompressible fluid flow.	Lucia Parussini
Field Investigations of Ku-Band Radar Penetration Into Snow Cover on Antarctic Sea Ice.	Lucar Stone-Drake
Field measurements and performance analysis of an 802.16 system in a suburban environment.	Luc Martens
Filling Your Shelves: Synthesizing Diverse Style-Preserving Artifact Arrangements.	Lucas Majerowicz
Filtering and deconvolution by the wavelet transform.	Jean-Luc Starck
Filtering image sequences from a moving object and the edge detection problem.	Matteo Lucchetti
Filtering interpolators for frame differencing signal processors.	Robert L. Lucke
Filtering multifocal VEP signals using Prony's method.	Luciano Boquete
Filtering of Interferometric SAR Phase Images as a Fuzzy Matching-Pursuit Blind Estimation.	Luciano Alparone
Financing technology: an assessment of theory and practice.	Pasquale Lucio Scandizzo
Find Your Place: Simple Distributed Algorithms for Community Detection.	Luca Becchetti
Find Your Place: Simple Distributed Algorithms for Community Detection.	Luca Trevisan
Finding Adam in random growing trees.	Luc Devroye
Finding Best Swap Edges Minimizing the Routing Cost of a Spanning Tree.	Luciano Gualà
Finding Bidder-Optimal Core Points Quickly.	Brendan Lucier
Finding Efficient Solutions by Free Disposal Outer Approximation.	Dinh The Luc
Finding Optimum Parallel Coprocessor Design for Genus 2 Hyperelliptic Curve Cryptosystems.	Luca Breveglieri
Finding Potential Support Vectors in Separable Classification Problems.	Luca Schenato
Finding Spatio-Temporal Patterns in Multidimensional Data Streams.	Luciana A. S. Romani
Finding all the Palindromes in a Binary Tree in Linear Time and Space.	Fabrizio Luccio
Finding concurrency bugs with context-aware communication graphs.	Brandon Lucia
Finding maxmin allocations in cooperative and competitive fair division	Camilla Di Luca
Finding maxmin allocations in cooperative and competitive fair division.	Camilla Di Luca
Finding near-perfect parameters for hardware and code optimizations with automatic multi-objective design space explorations.	Lucian Vintan
Finding seeds to bootstrap focused crawlers.	Luciano Barbosa
Fine and Wilf words for any periods II.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Fine and Wilf's Theorem for Abelian Periods.	Lucian Ilie
Fine-Grained Fast Field-Programmable Gate Array Scrubbing.	Gabriel Luca Nazar
Fine-Grained Power and Body-Bias Control for Near-Threshold Deep Sub-Micron CMOS Circuits.	Luca Benini
Fine-grained management of software artefacts: the ADAMS system.	Andrea De Lucia
Fingerprint Liveness Detection Based on Fake Finger Characteristics.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Fingerprint silicon Replicas: Static and Dynamic Features for Vitality Detection Using an Optical Capture Device.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Fingerprint verification by fusion of optical and capacitive sensors.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Fingerprint-based detection of acute aquatic toxicity.	Luca Pireddu
Finite Sample Behaviour of an Ergodically Fast Line-Search Algorithm.	Luc Pronzato
Finite State Automata as Conceptual Model for E-Services.	Luca De Santis
Finite difference methods for pricing American put option with rationality parameter: Numerical analysis and computing.	Lucas Jódar
Finite element approach for density functional theory calculations on locally-refined meshes.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
Finite element boundary value integration of Wheeler-Feynman electrodynamics.	Jayme De Luca
Finite element formulation of fluctuating hydrodynamics for fluids filled with rigid particles using boundary fitted meshes.	Pier Luca Maffettone
Finite element modeling of the growth plate in a detailed spine model.	Pierre-Luc Sylvestre
Finite field constructions of combinatorial arrays.	Lucia Moura
Finite-Element Modeling of Bones From CT Data: Sensitivity to Geometry and Material Uncertainties.	Luca Cristofolini
Finite-Element-Based Matching of Pre- and Intraoperative Data for Image-Guided Endovascular Aneurysm Repair.	Antoine Lucas
Finite-Element-Based Multiobjective Design Optimization Procedure of Interior Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motors for Wide Constant-Power Region Operation.	Stefano Lucidi
Finite-difference stable stencils based on least-square quadric fitting.	Luciano E. Patruno
Finite-element analysis of the frequency response of a metallic cantilever coupled with piezoelectric transducer.	Luca Dalessandro
Finite-gain LpLp stability for hybrid dynamical systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Finite-length scaling based on belief propagation for spatially coupled LDPC codes.	Luca Barletta
Finite-state Markov modeling of correlated Rician-fading channels.	Luciano Lisbôa
Finiteness and Iteration Conditions for Semigroups.	Aldo de Luca
Finsler Geometry on Higher Order Tensor Fields and Applications to High Angular Resolution Diffusion Imaging.	Luc Florack
Finsler Streamline Tracking with Single Tensor Orientation Distribution Function for High Angular Resolution Diffusion Imaging.	Luc Florack
Fire Detection by Microwave Radiometric Sensors: Modeling a Scenario in the Presence of Obstacles.	Luca Roselli
Firing and intrinsic properties of antennal lobe neurons in the Noctuid moth Agrotis ipsilon.	Philippe Lucas
First Bistatic Spaceborne SAR Experiments With TanDEM-X.	Luca Marotti
First Clinical Experience in Urologic Surgery with a Novel Robotic Lightweight Laparoscope Holder	Jean-Luc Descotes
First Hitting Place Probabilities for a Discrete Version of the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Process.	Jean-Luc Guilbault
First and Second Derivatives in Time Series Classification Using DTW.	Maciej Luczak
First-Order Definability of Trees and Sparse Random Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
First-Order Languages Expressing Constructible Spatial Database Queries.	Luc Vandeurzen
First-Order jk-Clausal Theories are PAC-Learnable.	Luc De Raedt
First-order differential sensitivity analysis of a nuclear safety system by Monte Carlo simulation.	Luca Podofillini
First-order query evaluation on structures of bounded degree	Luc Segoufin
First-order theories of subgroups of divisible Hahn products.	F. Lucas
Fisher-Shannon information plane analysis of SPOT/VEGETATION Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) time series to characterize vegetation recovery after fire disturbance.	Luciano Telesca
Fitting Superellipses to Incomplete Contours.	Luc J. Van Gool
Fitting the generalized Pareto distribution to data using maximum goodness-of-fit estimators.	Alberto Luceño
Five multiresolution-based calcium volume measurement techniques from coronary IVUS videos: A comparative approach.	Luca Saba
Fixation and escape times in stochastic game learning	Luca Dall'Asta
Fixed-Point MAP Decoding of Channel Codes.	Luca Fanucci
Fixed-point Solutions for Ground Term Rewriting Systems.	Dorel Lucanu
Flapping flight for biomimetic robotic insects: part I-system modeling.	Luca Schenato
Flapping flight for biomimetic robotic insects: part II-flight control design.	Luca Schenato
Flat Indexing Scheme: A New Compilation Technique to Enhance Parallelism of Logic Programs.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
FlexFlux: combining metabolic flux and regulatory network analyses.	Lucas Marmiesse
Flexible GMRES with Deflated Restarting.	Luc Giraud
Flexible IEEE 802.15.4 deadline-aware scheduling for DPCSs using priority-based CSMA-CA.	Luca Gentile
Flexible Multi-layer Sparse Approximations of Matrices and Applications.	Luc Le Magoarou
Flexible Multilayer Sparse Approximations of Matrices and Applications.	Luc Le Magoarou
Flexible constrained sampling with guarantees for pattern mining.	Luc De Raedt
Flexible filters in stream programs.	Luca P. Carloni
Flexible heterogeneous satellite-based architecture for enhanced quality of life applications.	Luca Simone Ronga
Flexible kinematics for modular robots.	J. Lucas
Flexible rule-based inference exploiting taxonomies.	Luca Console
Flexible security in peer-to-peer applications: Enabling new opportunities beyond file sharing.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Flexible waste management under uncertainty.	Luca Di Corato
Flexible word meaning in embodied agents.	Luc Steels
Flight test data cycle map optimisation.	Stephen Lucas
Flights and Their Economic Impact on the Airport Catchment Area: An Application to the Italian Tourist Market.	Luca Gobbato
Flooding Time in Opportunistic Networks under Power Law and Exponential Intercontact Times.	Luca Becchetti
Floorplanning With Wire Pipelining in Adaptive Communication Channels.	Luca Macchiarulo
Flow Rates Measurement and Uncertainty Analysis in Multiple-Zone Water-Injection Wells from Fluid Temperature Profiles.	Lucas G. Carvalho
Flow-Critical Graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Flow-level Spam Modelling using separate data sources.	Marcin Luckner
Flower Constellation of Millimeter-Wave Radiometers for Tropospheric Monitoring at Pseudogeostationary Scale.	Marco Lucente
Fluctuational Escape from Chaotic attractors in multistable Systems.	D. G. Luchinsky
Fluid Model Checking	Luca Bortolussi
Fluid Model Checking of Timed Properties.	Luca Bortolussi
Fluid Performability Analysis of Nested Automata Models.	Luca Bortolussi
Fluorescent Cellular Assay for Screening Agents Inhibiting Pseudomonas aeruginosa Adherence.	Lucie Vasková
Flux form Semi-Lagrangian methods for parabolic problems.	Luca Bonaventura
Flux-Based Transport Enhancement as a Plausible Unifying Mechanism for Auxin Transport in Meristem Development.	Mikael Lucas
Focalization: A Numerical Test for Smoothing Effects of Collision Operators.	B. Lucquin-Desreux
Focus on health information technology, electronic health records and their financial impact: Same organization, same electronic health records (EHRs) system, different use: exploring the linkage between practice member communication patterns and EHR use patterns in an ambulatory care setting.	Luci K. Leykum
Focused 70-cm Wavelength Radar Mapping of the Moon.	Jean-Luc Margot
Focusing on the patient: mHealth, social media, electronic health records, and decision support systems.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Focussing Abductive Diagnosis.	Luca Console
Fokker-Planck Equation and Thermodynamic System Analysis.	Umberto Lucia
Folding of Phase Noise Spectra in Charge-Pump Phase-Locked Loops Induced by Frequency Division.	Luca Collamati
Folk-IS: Opportunistic Data Services in Least Developed Countries.	Luc Bouganim
Follow automata.	Lucian Ilie
Follow the Bouncing Ball: Global Results on Tracking and State Estimation With Impacts.	Luca Zaccarian
Follow, listen, feel and go: alternative guidance systems for a walking assistance device.	Luca Rizzon
Forbidden Induced Subgraphs of Normal Helly Circular-Arc Graphs: Characterization and Detection.	Luciano N. Grippo
Forbidden subgraphs and the König-Egerváry property.	Luciano N. Grippo
Forbidden subgraphs and the Kőnig property.	Luciano N. Grippo
Forcing in Lukasiewicz Predicate Logic.	Luca Spada
Forecast: A Neural System for Diagnosis and Control of Highway Surfaces.	Antonio Luchetta
Forecasting Daily Volume and Acuity of Patients in the Emergency Department.	Filipe R. Lucini
Forecasting the Next Shot Location in Tennis Using Fine-Grained Spatiotemporal Tracking Data.	Patrick Lucey
Foreign-Born IT Workers in the US: Complements, not Substitutes.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Forensic DNA and bioinformatics.	Lucia Bianchi
Foreword (Special Issue on Applications for High-Performance Systems).	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Foreword To Special Issue: The Difference Between Concurrent And Sequential Computation.	Luca Aceto
Foreword to the contributions by two EATCS award-recipients.	Luca Aceto
Foreword.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Foreword.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Foreword.	Luca Trevisan
Foreword.	Fabrizio Luccio
Foreword.	Fabrizio Luccio
Foreword.	Luc Jaulin
Foreword: Parallelism in Algorithms and Architectures.	Victor Luchangco
Foreword: special issue in memory of Nadia Busi.	Luca Aceto
Forgery Quality and Its Implications for Behavioral Biometric Security.	Lucas Ballard
Forgotten effects of corporate social and environmental responsibility: A case study of Catalonian economy.	Emili Vizuete Luciano
Form and function: The impact of query term and operator usage on Web search results.	Wendy T. Lucas
Formal Analysis of Vulnerabilities of Web Applications Based on SQL Injection (Extended Version).	Luca Viganò 0001
Formal Analysis of the Entropy / Security Trade-off in First-Order Masking Countermeasures against Side-Channel Attacks.	Jean-Luc Danger
Formal Models for Embedded System Design.	Luciano Lavagno
Formal Parametric Polymorphism.	Luca Cardelli
Formal Properties of XML Grammars and Languages	Luc Boasson
Formal Semantics of Programming Languages: VDL.	Peter Lucas
Formal Validation of Data-Parallel Programs: A Two-Component Assertional Proof System for a Simple Language.	Luc Bougé
Formal Verification Techniques for Model Transformations: A Tridimensional Classification.	Levi Lucio
Formal Verification With Frama-C: A Case Study in the Space Software Domain.	Luciana Akemi Burgareli
Formal Verification of Object-Oriented Graph Grammars Specifications.	Luciana Foss
Formal Verification of Websites.	Salvador Lucas
Formal analysis of an agent-based optimisation strategy for Data Grids.	Luciano Serafini
Formal framework for hypertext systems.	Michael Luck
Formal interpreters for diagram notations.	Luciano Baresi
Formal methods in pattern recognition: A review.	Luciano Nieddu
Formal modeling and automatic enforcement of Bring Your Own Device policies.	Luca Verderame
Formal object-oriented development of a voting system test oracle.	Jean-Luc Raffy
Formal properties of XML grammars and languages.	Luc Boasson
Formal specification of beliefs in multi-agent systems.	Luciano Serafini
Formal verification and validation of embedded systems: the UML-based MADES approach.	Luciano Baresi
Formal verification of robotic surgery tasks by reachability analysis.	Luca Geretti
Formal verification of wastewater treatment processes using events detected from continuous signals by means of artificial neural networks. Case study: SBR plant.	Luca Luccarini
Formalisms for multi-agent systems.	Michael Luck
Formalization of argument accrual: Acceptability semantics and dialectical proof procedure.	Mauro Javier Gómez Lucero
Formalization, Syntax and the Standard Model of Arithmetic.	Luca Bellotti
Formalization, implementation and validation of conversation policies using a protocol operational semantics.	Jean-Luc Koning
Formalizing Mobility in Service Oriented Computing.	Roberto Lucchi
Formalizing the safety of Java, the Java virtual machine, and Java card.	Luc Moreau
Formally Verifying Fault Tolerant System Designs.	Luca Simoncini
Formation of learning groups in cMoocs using Particle Swarm Optimization.	Lucas de Assis
Formes de langages et de grammaires.	Luc Boasson
Formulating and Solving the Minimum Dominating Cycle Problem.	Abilio Lucena
Formulations and exact solution approaches for the degree preserving spanning tree problem.	Abilio Lucena
Formulations for the Minimum 2-Connected Dominating Set Problem.	Abilio Lucena
Forschungsherausforderung des E-Learning.	Ulrike Lucke
Forschungsherausforderung des E-Learnings.	Ulrike Lucke
Forward and Backward Bisimulations for Chemical Reaction Networks.	Luca Cardelli
Forward-secure multisignature and blind signature schemes.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Fostering participaction in smart cities: a geo-social crowdsensing platform.	Luca Foschini
Fouille de textes hiérarchisée appliquée à la détection de fautes.	Nadine Lucas
Foundation for the Study of Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning Requiring Immersive Presence.	Joyce Lucca
Foundations of Distributed Artificial Intelligence by G. M. P. O'Hare and N. R. Jennings (eds.), Wiley, 1996, ISBN 0-471-00675-0.	Michael Luck
Foundations of Multi-Agent Systems: Techniques, Tools and Theory.	Michael Luck
Foundations of Session Types and Behavioural Contracts.	Luca Padovani
Foundations of a simple and unified component-oriented language.	Luc Fabresse
Foundations of distributed data management (Dagstuhl Seminar 11421).	Luc Segoufin
Foundations of distributed multiscale computing: Formalization, specification, and analysis.	Jean-Luc Falcone
Foundations of multi-agent systems: issues and directions.	Michael Luck
Foundations of neural networks : Tarun Khanna, (Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, 1990) XII + 196 pp., numerous figures, softcover, price not listed.	Luc P. Lindström
Foundations of semi-differential invariants.	Luc J. Van Gool
Four cases of a sociocultural approach to mobile learning in La Clase Mágica, an afterschool technology club.	Lucila D. Ek
Four-Terminal-Pair Inductance Comparison Between INRIM and CTU.	Luca Callegaro
Fourier Lucas-Kanade Algorithm.	Simon Lucey
Fourier transform over semi-simple algebras and harmonic analysis for probabilistic algorithms.	Luc Favreau
Fourth-Order Nearly-Symmetric CNNs Exhibiting Complex Dynamics.	Luca Pancioni
Fractal Information by Means of Harmonic Mappings and Some Physical Implications.	Florin Alexandru Luca
Fractal dimension of maximum response filters applied to texture analysis.	Lucas Correia Ribas
Fractal-based Analysis to Identify Trend Changes in Multiple Climate Time Series.	Luciana A. S. Romani
Fractional Adams-Moulton methods.	Luciano Galeone
Fractional models, non-locality, and complex systems.	Yury F. Luchko
Fractionally spaced decision feedback joint detection for multitone CDMA systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Fractionally spaced linear and DF Mimo equalizers for multitone systems without guard time.	Luc Vandendorpe
Fractionally spaced linear and decision-feedback detectors for transmultiplexers.	Luc Vandendorpe
Frailties and copulas, not two of a kind.	Luc Duchateau
Frame concealment for H.264/AVC decoders.	Luca Pezzoni
Frame detection and timing acquisition for OFDM transmissions with unknown interference.	Luca Sanguinetti
Frame-Based Approach for Peak-to-Average Power Ratio Reduction in OFDM.	Lucia Valbonesi
Frame-Theoretic Approach for Peak-to-Average Power-Ratio Reduction in OFDM.	Lucia Valbonesi
Framework Evolution Tool.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Framework for the integrated video quality assessment.	Lucjan Janowski
Framework to Co-register Longitudinal Virtual Histology-Intravascular Ultrasound Data in the Circumferential Direction.	Lucas H. Timmins
Framy - visualising geographic data on mobile interfaces.	Luca Paolino
Fraud detection in play-money prediction markets.	Stefan Luckner
Free Instrument for Movement Measure.	Lucas Gabriel Souza França
Free entry versus socially optimal entry.	Luciano De Castro
Freestyle: Sculpting meshes with self-adaptive topology.	Lucian Stãnculescu
French Primary Elections and the Internet, the Social Network of the Socialist Party, the Coopol.	Marino De Luca
Frequency Conversion and Source-Independent Push-Pull for Super-Channels in Flex-Grid Optical Networks.	Luca Potì
Frequency Decomposition and Computing of Ultrasound Medical Images with Wavelets Packets.	Luca Breschi
Frequency Response Analysis of Current Controllers for Selective Harmonic Compensation in Active Power Filters.	Lucian Asiminoaei
Frequency Warping Biorthogonal Frames.	Luca De Marchi
Frequency domain classification of cyclic and dihedral symmetries of finite 2-D patterns.	Luca Lucchese
Frequency measurement of the 2S-12D transitions in hydrogen and deuterium, new determination of the Rydberg constant.	Lucile Julien
Frequency specific interactions of MEG resting state activity within and across brain networks as revealed by the multivariate interaction measure.	Gian Luca Romani
Frequency switched Chua's Circuit: Experimental Dynamics Characterization.	Luciano Cantelli
Frequency warped cross-wavelet multiresolution analysis of guided waves for impact localization.	Luca De Marchi
Frequency-Shift Offset-QAM for GFDM.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Frequent Pattern Discovery in First-Order Logic.	Luc Dehaspe
Frequential versus spatial colour textons for breast TMA classification.	Lucía González-López
Fresh Air Fraction Control in Engines Using Dynamic Boundary Stabilization of LPV Hyperbolic Systems.	Luc Dugard
FreshUP - A pervasive educational game for freshmen.	Ulrike Lucke
Friendship prediction and homophily in social media.	Luca Maria Aiello
From 'simulation optimization' to 'simulation configuration' of systems.	Jean-Luc Paris
From 2D to 2.5D i.e. from painting to tactile model.	Luca Puggelli
From Angular Manifolds to the Integer Lattice: Guaranteed Orientation Estimation With Application to Pose Graph Optimization.	Luca Carlone
From Angular Manifolds to the Integer Lattice: Guaranteed Orientation Estimation with Application to Pose Graph Optimization	Luca Carlone
From Data to Semantic Information.	Luciano Floridi
From Duels to Battefields: Computing Equilibria of Blotto and Other Games.	Brendan Lucier
From Fairness to Chance.	Luca de Alfaro
From Genetic Evolution of Simple Organisms to Learning Abilities and Persuasion on Cognitive Characters.	Luciene Cristina Rinaldi Rodrigues
From Latency-Insensitive Design to Communication-Based System-Level Design.	Luca P. Carloni
From Previous C-Band to New X-Band SAR Systems: Assessment of the DInSAR Mapping Improvement for Deformation Time-Series Retrieval in Urban Areas.	Luca Paglia
From SMART to agent systems development.	Michael Luck
From Semantic Properties to Surface Text: the Generation of Domain Object Descriptions.	Diego Jesus de Lucena
From Suitable Weak Solutions to Entropy Viscosity.	Jean-Luc Guermond
From System Requirements to Software Requirements in the Four-Variable Model.	Lucian M. Patcas
From Theory to Practice: Efficiently Checking BGP Configurations for Guaranteed Convergence.	Luca Cittadini
From UML to SIMULINK CAAM: Formal Specification and Transformation Analysis.	Luciana Foss
From Vascular Corrosion Cast to Electrical Analog Model for the Study of Human Liver Hemodynamics and Perfusion.	Luc Van Hoorebeke
From X to Pi; Representing the Classical Sequent Calculus in the Pi-calculus	Luca Cardelli
From a Conceptual Framework for Agents and Objects to a Multi-Agent System Modeling Language.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
From approximating to interpolatory non-stationary subdivision schemes with the same generation properties.	Lucia Romani
From approximating to interpolatory non-stationary subdivision schemes with the same generation properties.	Luca Gemignani
From artifact to instrument: mathematics teaching mediated by symbolic calculators.	Luc Trouche
From content delivery today to information centric networking.	Luca Muscariello
From cryptography to hardware: analyzing and protecting embedded Xilinx BRAM for cryptographic applications.	Jean-Luc Danger
From decision to shared-decision: Introducing patients' preferences into clinical decision analysis.	Lucia Sacchi
From definition to deployment: What next for agent-based systems?	Michael Luck
From discs to parts of visual form.	Luca Serino
From enterprise architecture to business models and back.	Lucas O. Meertens
From events to objects: the heresy of event-orientation in a world of objects.	Lucy A. D. Lockwood
From evidence-based policy making to policy analytics.	Giulia Lucertini
From granular avalanches to fluid turbulences through oozing pastes. A mesoscopic physically-based particle model	Annie Luciani
From gridmap-file to VOMS: managing authorization in a Grid environment.	Luca dell'Agnello
From human motion capture to humanoid locomotion imitation Application to the robots HRP-2 and HOAP-3.	Luc Boutin
From images to 3D models.	Luc J. Van Gool
From logarithmic advice to single-bit advice	Luca Trevisan
From matrix interpretations over the rationals to matrix interpretations over the naturals	Salvador Lucas
From networks of protein interactions to networks of functional dependencies.	Davide Luciani
From old to new: Assessing cybersecurity risks for an evolving smart grid.	Lucie Langer
From omnidirectional images to hierarchical localization.	Luc J. Van Gool
From preemptive to non-preemptive speed-scaling scheduling.	Giorgio Lucarelli
From skeleton branches to object parts.	Luca Serino
From stereoscopic images to semi-regular meshes.	Jean-Luc Peyrot
From symmetry break to Poisson point process in 2D Voronoi tessellations: the generic nature of hexagons	Valerio Lucarini
From the Earth to the Sky and Back.	Luciano Lenzini
From the viscous Cahn-Hilliard equation to a regularized forward-backward parabolic equation.	Luca Scarpa
Fuel Cell System Optimization Using Bypass Converters.	Arno Lucken
Fulcrum Network Codes: A Code for Fluid Allocation of Complexity.	Daniel E. Lucani
Full Rate L2-Orthogonal Space-Time CPM for Three Antennas	Luc Deneire
Full four-component relativistic calculations of NMR shielding and indirect spin-spin coupling tensors in hydrogen halides.	Lucas Visscher
FullSWOF: A software for overland flow simulation / FullSWOF : un logiciel pour la simulation du ruissellement	Carine Lucas
Fully Empirical and Data-Dependent Stability-Based Bounds.	Luca Oneto
Fully Parallel Inference in Markov Logic Networks.	Luciano Del Corro
Fully compositional and thermal reservoir simulation.	Angelo Lucia
Fully decentralized computation of aggregates over data streams.	Luca Becchetti
Fully non-homogeneous hidden Markov model double net: A generative model for haplotype reconstruction and block discovery.	Luciano Xumerle
Fully-Convolutional Siamese Networks for Object Tracking.	Luca Bertinetto
Fun&Co: identification of key functional differences in transcriptomes.	Luca Tagliavini
Function Approximation With XCS: Hyperellipsoidal Conditions, Recursive Least Squares, and Compaction.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Function-Hiding Inner Product Encryption.	Lucas Kowalczyk
Functional Evaluation of Handgrip Signals for Parkinsonian Patients.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Functional Graphs of Polynomials over Finite Fields.	Florian Luca
Functional Observability and the Design of Minimum Order Linear Functional Observers.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Functional Redesign of Mantis 2.0, a Hybrid Leg-Wheel Robot for Surveillance and Inspection.	Luca E. Bruzzone
Functional Runtime Systems Within the Lambda-Sigma Calculus.	Luc Maranget
Functional Segmentation of Renal DCE-MRI Sequences Using Vector Quantization Algorithms.	Jean-Luc Collette
Functional analysis of the transcription factor ER71 and its activation of the matrix metalloproteinase-1 promoter.	Luciano De Haro
Functional and structural syntax networks in aging.	Lucia Kerti
Functional and teleological knowledge in the multimodeling approach for reasoning about physical systems: a case study in diagnosis.	Luca Chittaro
Functional connectivity of the human amygdala using resting state fMRI.	Lucina Q. Uddin
Functional features for chopping extracted from observations and interactions.	Luca Bogoni
Functional graphs of polynomials over finite fields.	Florian Luca
Functional satisfaction.	Luc Maranget
Functionality investigation using a discrete event system approach.	Luca Bogoni
Fundamental matrix solutions of piecewise smooth differential systems.	Luciano Lopez
Fundamental matrix solutions of piecewise smooth differential systems.	Luca Dieci
Funnel: Choking Polluters in BitTorrent File Sharing Communities.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Further Comments on ``Residue-to-Binary Converters Based on New Chinese Remainder Theorems''	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Further clarifications about the success-index.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Furthering Information Systems Action Research: A Post-Positivist Synthesis of Four Dialectics.	Dorrie DeLuca
Fusing multiple video sensors for surveillance.	Gian Luca Foresti
Fusing similarities and Euclidean features with generative classifiers.	Luca Cazzanti
Fusion de paramètres pour une classification automatique parole/musique robuste. Séparation parole/musique dans les fichiers a.	Jean-Luc Rouas
Fusion of Magnetometer and Gradiometer Sensors of MEG in the Presence of Multiplicative Error.	Henry Luckhoo
Fusion of appearance-based face recognition algorithms.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Fusion of digital television, broadband Internet and mobile communications - Part II: Future service scenarios.	Luca Caviglione
Fusion of multiple classifiers for intrusion detection in computer networks.	Luca Didaci
Fusion of multiple fingerprint matchers by single-layer perceptron with class-separation loss function.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Future Development of e-Customs: A Survey Study with Swiss Companies.	Luca Urciuoli
Future Performance Modeling in Athletism with Low Quality Data-based Genetic Fuzzy Systems.	Luciano Sánchez
Future Trends in Secure Chip Data Management.	Luc Bouganim
Future Wireless Systems for Human Bond Communications.	Luca Simone Ronga
Future scenarios of parallel computing: Distributed sensor networks.	Luca Lombardi
Fuzziness and branch and bound procedures: Applications to separation sequencing.	Luc Pibouleau
Fuzzy ARTMAP with input relevances.	Lucian Sasu
Fuzzy C-Means Algorithm with Local Thresholding for Gray-Scale Images.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Fuzzy Clustering Using the Convex Hull as Geometrical Model.	Luca Liparulo
Fuzzy Control System Performance Enhancement by Iterative Learning Control.	Marius-Lucian Tomescu
Fuzzy Kohonen clustering networks for interval data.	Ana Lucia B. Candeias
Fuzzy Logic Applied to Improvement of Image Resolution using Gaussian Membership Functions.	Lucero V. Lozano
Fuzzy Numbers and Their Applications.	Luciano Stefanini
Fuzzy Possibilities As Upper Previsions.	Luca Bortolussi
Fuzzy Sets and Decision Theory	Aldo de Luca
Fuzzy Tactics: A scripting game that leverages fuzzy logic as an engaging game mechanic.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Fuzzy controllers gains tuning: a constrained nonlinear optimization approach.	Catarina Lucena
Fuzzy cutting force modelling in micro-milling.	Luc Baron
Fuzzy decision support system knowledge base generation using a genetic algorithm.	Luc Baron
Fuzzy descriptor systems and spectral analysis for chaotic time series prediction.	Caro Lucas
Fuzzy differential equations: An approach via fuzzification of the derivative operator.	Luciana Takata Gomes
Fuzzy identification of systems with unsupervised learning.	A. M. Luciano
Fuzzy logic based economical analysis of photovoltaic energy management.	Lucio Ciabattoni
Fuzzy logic based layers 2 and 3 handovers in IEEE 802.16e network.	André-Luc Beylot
Fuzzy logic-based matching pursuits for lossless predictive coding of still images.	Luciano Alparone
Fuzzy measure theoretical approach to screening product innovations.	Lucien Duckstein
Fuzzy segmentation of video shots using hybrid color spaces and motion information.	Lucas M. Oliveira
Fuzzy set based multiobjective allocation of resources and its applications.	Luciane N. Canha
Fuzzy-genetic optimization of the parameters of a low cost system for the optical measurement of several dimensions of vehicles.	Luciano Sánchez
G-PaMeLA: A divide-and-conquer approach for joint channel assignment and routing in multi-radio multi-channel wireless mesh networks.	Luciano Lenzini
G-convergence in a semilinear problem with a W01, 1 solution.	Lucio Boccardo
G-graphs: A new representation of groups.	Luc Gillibert
G-graphs: An efficient tool for constructing symmetric and semisymmetric graphs.	Luc Gillibert
G1 rational blend interpolatory schemes: A comparative study.	Lucia Romani
G4RNA: an RNA G-quadruplex database.	Mikael J. Luce
GABES: A genetic algorithm based environment for SEU testing in SRAM-FPGAs.	Luca Cassano
GALEN: a third generation terminology tool to support a multipurpose national coding system for surgical procedures.	Lucienne Clavel
GAMEs: Growing and adaptive meshes for fully automatic shape modeling and analysis.	Luca Ferrarini
GD&T-Based Characterization of Short-Range Non-contact 3D Imaging Systems.	Luc Cournoyer
GEPAS, an experiment-oriented pipeline for the analysis of microarray gene expression data.	Lucía Conde
GFDM - A Framework for Virtual PHY Services in 5G Networks.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
GFDM Transceiver using Precoded Data and Low-complexity Multiplication in Time Domain.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
GINGER II: An Example-Driven Word Sense Disambiguator.	Luca Dini
GIS, Ethnography, and Cultural Research: Putting Maps Back into Ethnographic Mapping.	Susan Luckman
GIS, multi-criteria and multi-factor spatial analysis for the probability assessment of the existence of illegal landfills.	Lucia Gobbo
GIS-EpiLink: A Spatial Search Tool for Linking Environmental and Health Data.	Lucina Suarez
GISAXS View of Vanadium/Cerium Oxide Thin Films and Influence of Lithium Intercalation.	Magdy Lucic Lavcevic
GMPLS-controlled dynamic translucent optical networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
GNU epsilon - an extensible programming language	Luca Saiu
GODA: A goal-oriented requirements engineering framework for runtime dependability analysis.	Luciano Baresi
GOLD: A Framework for Developing Intelligent-Vehicle Vision Applications.	Luca Bombini
GOTA: GO term annotation of biomedical literature.	Luciano Margara
GPCR-OKB: the G Protein Coupled Receptor Oligomer Knowledge Base.	Lucy Skrabanek
GPU Acceleration for Simulating Massively Parallel Many-Core Platforms.	Luca Benini
GPU accelerated fully space and time resolved numerical simulations of self-focusing laser beams in SBS-active media.	Luc Bergé
GPU implementation of a road sign detector based on particle swarm optimization.	Luca Mussi
GPU-Based Road Sign Detection Using Particle Swarm Optimization.	Luca Mussi
GPU-accelerated T-matrix algorithm for light-scattering simulations.	Luca Dal Negro
GPU-based asynchronous particle swarm optimization.	Luca Mussi
GPU-based flow simulation with detailed chemical kinetics.	Jean-Luc Cambier
GRAND: toward scalability in a Grid environment.	Luciano Cavalheiro da Silva
GRAND: toward scalability in a Grid environment.	Lucas A. S. Santos
GRASP-UTS: an algorithm for unsupervised trajectory segmentation.	Lucídio dos Anjos Formiga Cabral
GRIDA3 - a shared resources manager for environmental data analysis and applications.	Luca Fanfani
GRiDA: GReen Distributed Algorithm for energy-efficient IP backbone networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
GSOS and Finite Labelled Transition Systems.	Luca Aceto
GT: picking up the truth from the ground for internet traffic.	Luca Salgarelli
GTKDynamo: A PyMOL plug-in for QC/MM hybrid potential simulations.	Lucas Assirati
Gadgets, Approximation, and Linear Programming.	Luca Trevisan
Gain Tuning of Fuzzy PID Controllers for MIMO Systems: A Performance-Driven Approach.	Catarina Lucena
Galileo: A Strongly-Typed, Interactive Conceptual Language.	Luca Cardelli
Game Refinement Relations and Metrics	Luca de Alfaro
Game Refinement Relations and Metrics.	Luca de Alfaro
Game Theoretic Design of MAC Protocols: Pricing Versus Intervention.	Luca Canzian
Game Theory for Networks: A tutorial on game-theoretic tools for emerging signal processing applications.	Luca Sanguinetti
Game Theory for Signal Processing in Networks.	Luca Sanguinetti
Game representations of classes of piecewise definable functions.	Luca Motto Ros
Game theoretic approach for cooperative feature extraction in camera networks.	Luca Baroffio
Game theory and time utility functions for a radio aware scheduling algorithm for WiMAX networks.	Luca Tavanti
Games and learning come together to maximise effectiveness: The challenge of bridging the gap.	Lucia Pannese
Games with No Solutions and Empty Cores.	W. F. Lucas
Gas volume fraction and velocity profiles - Vertical and inclined bubbly air-water flows.	Gary Lucas
Gasarch, W.I. and Martin, G.A.: Bounded Queries in Recursion Theory.	Luc Longpré
Gate-level power and current simulation of CMOS integrated circuits.	Luca Benini
Gates Towards Evolutionary Large-scale Optimization: A Software-oriented Approach to Genetic Algorithms - I. General Perspective.	Carlos B. Lucasius
Gates Towards Evolutionary Large-scale Optimization: A Software-oriented Approach to Genetic Algorithms - II. Toolbox Description.	Carlos B. Lucasius
Gauss' Law in Image Processing and Analysis via Fast Numerical Calculation of Vector Fields.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Gaussian Process Regression for Estimating Chlorophyll Concentration in Subsurface Waters From Remote Sensing Data.	Luca Pasolli
Gaussian estimates on networks with applications to optimal control.	Luca Di Persio
Gender-dependent increases with healthy aging of the human cerebral cannabinoid-type 1 receptor binding using [18F]MK-9470 PET.	Luc Mortelmans
Gender-related differences in moral judgments.	C. Lucchiari
Gene Expression Complex Networks: Synthesis, Identification, and Analysis.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Gene Expression Noise in Spatial Patterning: hunchback Promoter Structure Affects Noise Amplitude and Distribution in Drosophila Segmentation.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Gene structure prediction using information on homologous protein sequence.	Luciano Milanesi
Gene teams: a new formalization of gene clusters for comparative genomics.	Nicolas Luc
GeneBuilder: interactive in silico prediction of gene structure.	Luciano Milanesi
GeneRecords: a relational database for GenBank flat file parsing and data manipulation in personal computers.	Luca Lenzi
Gener: a minimal programming module for chemical controllers based on DNA strand displacement.	Luca Cardelli
Generación de una Base de Reglas de Control "Fuzzy" de un Vehículo, Usando Datos Numéricos.	Adriano de Luca
General Enterprising Tendency (GET) and Recommendations to Boost Entrepreneurship Education in Sarawak.	Margaret Lucy Gregory
General Error Analysis in the Relationship between Free Thyroxine and Thyrotropin and Its Clinical Relevance.	Simon Lucas (Sam) Goede
General Modulation Strategy for Seven-Phase Inverters With Independent Control of Multiple Voltage Space Vectors.	Luca Zarri
General approximation of fuzzy numbers by F-transform.	Lucian C. Coroianu
General approximation of fuzzy numbers by F-transform.	Luciano Stefanini
General framework for mining, processing and storing large amounts of electronic texts for language modeling purposes.	Lucie Skorkovská
General intensity transformations and differential invariants.	Luc Florack
Generalised fine and Wilf's theorem for arbitrary number of periods.	Lucian Ilie
Generalised importance measures for multi-state elements based on performance level restrictions.	Luca Podofillini
Generalization in the XCSF Classifier System: Analysis, Improvement, and Extension.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Generalization of the Dempster-Shafer theory: a fuzzy-valued measure.	Caro Lucas
Generalized Extreme Value Distribution parameters as Dynamical indicators of stability.	Valerio Lucarini
Generalized Factors of Words.	Lucian Ilie
Generalized Frequency Division Multiplexing for 5th Generation Cellular Networks.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Generalized Frequency Division Multiplexing in a Gabor Transform Setting.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Generalized Golden Ratios defined by means.	Lucian Tudose
Generalized Hessians of C1, 1-Functions and Second-Order Viscosity Subjets.	Luc Barbet
Generalized Monge-Kantorovich Optimization for Grid Generation and Adaptation in Lp.	Gian Luca Delzanno
Generalized Popov theory applied to state-delayed systems.	Luc Dugard
Generalized Statistical Complexity Measure.	Luciana de Micco
Generalized Sub-Shifts in Elementary Cellular Automata: The "Strange Case" of Chaotic Rule 180.	Luciano Margara
Generalized Temporal Focus + Context Framework for Improved Medical Data Exploration.	Lucien Levy
Generalized aggregate Quality of Service computation for composite services.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Generalized association rule mining with constraints.	Luca Cagliero
Generalized bang-bang control for feedforward constrained regulation.	Luca Consolini
Generalized collocation method for two-dimensional reaction-diffusion problems with homogeneous Neumann boundary conditions.	Luca Ridolfi
Generalized control systems, boundary control systems, and delayed control systems.	Luciano Pandolfi
Generalized convexity for non-regular optimization problems with conic constraints.	Lucelina Batista dos Santos
Generalized differentiability of fuzzy-valued functions.	Luciano Stefanini
Generalized fuzzy differentiability with LU-parametric representation.	Luciano Stefanini
Generalized lambda distribution for the expression of measurement uncertainty.	Luca Podestà
Generalized likelihood ratio tests for change detection in diffusion tensor images: Application to multiple sclerosis.	Lucien Rumbach
Generalized neural trees for pattern classification.	Gian Luca Foresti
Generalized rejection sampling schemes and applications in signal processing.	Luca Martino
Generalized threshold-based epidemics in random graphs: the power of extreme values.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Generalizing Consistency and other Constraint Properties to Quantified Constraints	Lucas Bordeaux
Generalizing Homomorphic MACs for Arithmetic Circuits.	Luca Nizzardo
Generalizing consistency and other constraint properties to quantified constraints.	Lucas Bordeaux
Generating Graphical User Interfaces from Precise Domain Specifications.	Lucyna Skrzypek
Generating Natural Questions About an Image.	Lucy Vanderwende
Generating On-Board Diagnostics of Dynamic Automotive Systems Based on Qualitative Models.	Luca Console
Generating Semivalues via Unanimity Games.	Roberto Lucchetti
Generating flexible convex hyper-polygon validity regions via sigmoid-based membership functions in TS modeling.	Caro Lucas
Generating lower bounds for the prize collecting Steiner problem in graphs.	Abilio Lucena
Generating sequences for k-valued logic.	Lucien Haddad
Generating the weakly efficient set of nonconvex multiobjective problems.	Dinh The Luc
Generation and analysis of networks with a prescribed degree sequence and subgraph family: Higher-order structure matters.	Luc Berthouze
Generation of Dynamically Configured Check Lists for Intra-Operative Problems: Using a Set Covering Algorithm.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Generation of Reference DC Currents at 1 nA Level With the Capacitance-Charging Method.	Luca Callegaro
Generation of Strong Cyclic Plans with Incomplete Information and Sensing.	Luca Iocchi
Generation of digital elevation models by using SIR-C/X-SAR multifrequency two-pass interferometry: the Etna case study.	Luciano Dutra
Generation of human walking paths.	Luca Bascetta
Generation of test sequences from formal specifications: GSM 11-11 standard case study.	Xavier Luck
Generation, Optimization, and Evaluation of Multithreaded Code.	Lucas Roh
Generative Benchmark Models for Mesoscale Structures in Multilayer Networks.	Lucas G. S. Jeub
Generative Image Modeling Using Spatial LSTMs.	Lucas Theis
Generative models for similarity-based classification.	Luca Cazzanti
Generic 3D Convolutional Fusion for image restoration.	Luc Van Gool
Generic Description and Synthesis of LDPC Decoders.	Jean-Luc Danger
Genericity and portability for task-independent speech recognition.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Genetic Algorithms for the Dependability Assurance in the Design of a Long-Span Suspension Bridge.	Luca Sgambi
Genetic algorithms for optimal logical database design.	Carlos B. Lucasius
Genetic learning of fuzzy rules based on low quality data.	Luciano Sánchez
Genetic learning of the membership functions for mining fuzzy association rules from low quality data.	Luciano Sánchez
Genetically dependent modulation of serotonergic inactivation in the human prefrontal cortex.	Luca Passamonti
Genius Loci: digital heritage augmentation for immersive performance.	Livio De Luca
Genome Landscapes and Bacteriophage Codon Usage.	Julius B. Lucks
Genome bioinformatic analysis of nonsynonymous SNPs.	Luc J. Smink
Genomic scale analysis of lateral gene transfer in Apicomplexan parasites: insights into early eukaryotic evolution, host-pathogen interaction and drug target development.	Lucia Peixoto
GeoDec: A framework to visualize and query geospatial data for decision-making.	Luciano Nocera
GeoSIM: A Geospatial Data Collection System for Participatory Urban Texture Documentation.	Luciano Nocera
Geodetic Number versus Hull Number in P3-Convexity.	Lucia Draque Penso
Geography of Emotion: Where in a City are People Happier?	Luciano Gallegos
Geometric Change Detection in Urban Environments Using Images.	Luca Ballan
Geometric Errors of Remote Sensing Images Over Forest and Their Propagation to Bidirectional Studies.	Luc Bertels
Geometric Integration on Manifold of Square Oblique Rotation Matrices.	Luciano Lopez
Geometric Realizations and Duality for Dahmen-Micchelli Modules and De Concini-Procesi-Vergne Modules.	Luca Moci
Geometric Selective Harmony Search.	Luca Manzoni
Geometric calibration of digital cameras through multi-view rectification.	Luca Lucchese
Geometric invariants for 2D/3D face recognition.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Geometric modeling of the human normal cerebral arterial system.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Geometric phase as a determinant of a qubit- environment coupling.	Jerzy Luczka
Geometric segmentation of 3D scanned surfaces.	Luca Di Angelo
Geometric source separation: merging convolutive source separation with geometric beamforming.	Lucas C. Parra
Geometrical and topological foundations of theoretical physics: from gauge theories to string program.	Luciano Boi
Geometrical product specifications - model for product life cycle.	Luc Mathieu
Geometry Shapes Propagation: Assessing the Presence and Absence of Cortical Symmetries through a Computational Model of Cortical Spreading Depression.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
Geometry of Dynamical Systems and Topological Stability: from bifurcation, Chaos and Fractals to Dynamics in Natural and Life Sciences.	Luciano Boi
Geometry of tropical moduli spaces and linkage of graphs.	Lucia Caporaso
Geometry-aware Similarity Learning on SPD Manifolds for Visual Recognition.	Luc Van Gool
Geospatial presentation of purchase transactions data.	Marcin Luckner
Geospatial web services within a scientific workflow: Predicting marine mammal habitats in a dynamic environment.	Lucie J. Hazen
Gestión de la identidad de locutor y perfiles de usuario en un sistema de diálogo.	Juan Manuel Lucas
Getting started in mathematics.	Stephen Lucci
Getting the Seats of Your Pants Dirty: Strategies for Ethnographic Research on Virtual Communities .	Luciano Paccagnella
Getting the environmental information across: from the Web to the user.	Luciano Serafini
Gewusst was: Mit einer E-Learning-Toolbox die persönliche virtuelle Umgebung gestalten.	Ulrike Lucke
Gewährleistungsrechtliche Fragen beim Vertrieb von Open Source Software im Paket mit kommerzieller Software.	Stefan Luckner
Ghost: A Uniform and General-Purpose Proxy Implementation.	Luc Fabresse
Ghost: A uniform and general-purpose proxy implementation.	Luc Fabresse
Gibbs sampling approach to regime switching analysis of financial time series.	Luca Di Persio
GigaManP2P: an overlay network for distributed QoS management and resilient routing.	Luci Pirmez
Gigapixel Binary Sensing: Image Acquisition Using Oversampled One-Bit Poisson Statistics	Luciano Sbaiz
Glacier motion estimation using SAR offset-tracking procedures.	Adrian Luckman
Glassy States in a shaken Sandbox.	Jean-Marc Luck
Glitch power minimization by selective gate freezing.	Luca Benini
Global Computation.	Luca Cardelli
Global Computation.	Luca Cardelli
Global Consistency of Decisions and Convergence of Competitive Cellular Neural Networks.	Luca Pancioni
Global ICT-Mediated Collaborations: Thinking Beyond Networks.	Lucy Resnyansky
Global Information Ethics: The Importance of Being Environmentally Earnest.	Luciano Floridi
Global Optimisation in Neural Network Training.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Global Optimization for Possibly Time-Dependent Cost Functions by a Population Set-Based Algorithm with Births Control.	Matteo Lucchetti
Global Rademacher Complexity Bounds: From Slow to Fast Convergence Rates.	Luca Oneto
Global Robust Stability Criteria for Interval Delayed Full-Range Cellular Neural Networks.	Luca Pancioni
Global Sensitivity-Based Model Updating for Heritage Structures.	Luca Zanotti Fragonara
Global Stability and Finite L2m-Gain of Saturated Uncertain Systems via Piecewise Polynomial Lyapunov Functions.	Luca Zaccarian
Global asymptotic stabilisation of an active mass damper for a flexible beam.	Luca Zaccarian
Global asymptotic stability of a PID control system with Coulomb friction.	Luca Zaccarian
Global passive system approximation	Luc Knockaert
Global progress for dynamically interleaved multiparty sessions.	Luca Padovani
Global qualitative description of a class of nonlinear dynamical systems.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Global results on reset-induced periodic trajectories of planar systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Global stabilization of a class of partially known nonnegative systems.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Global versus local linear beat-to-beat analysis of the relationship between arterial pressure and pulse transit time during dynamic exercise.	Daniela Lucini
Global-local population memetic algorithm for solving the forward kinematics of parallel manipulators.	Luc Rolland
Global-view coefficients: a data management solution for parallel quantum Monte Carlo applications.	Lucas K. Wagner
Globicomp - doing ubicomp differently: introduction to the special issue.	Lucia Terrenghi
Gone with the Wind: Nonlinear Guidance for Small Fixed-Wing Aircrafts in Arbitrarily Strong Windfields.	Luca Furieri
Goodput-Based Link Resource Adaptation for Reliable Packet Transmissions in BIC-OFDM Cognitive Radio Networks.	Luc Vandendorpe
Google Street View: Capturing the World at Street Level.	Luc Vincent
Google's Deep Web crawl.	Lucja Kot
Gossip Algorithms for Simultaneous Distributed Estimation and Classification in Sensor Networks.	Luca Schenato
Governing Multi-Agent Systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Gowers Uniformity, Influence of Variables, and PCPs	Luca Trevisan
Gowers Uniformity, Influence of Variables, and PCPs	Luca Trevisan
Gowers Uniformity, Influence of Variables, and PCPs.	Luca Trevisan
Graceful Degradation in Multi-Party Computation.	Christoph Lucas
Graceful Performance Modulation for Power-Neutral Transient Computing Systems.	Luca Benini
Gracefully Degradable Algorithm for Byzantine Agreement.	Luca Simoncini
Gradient algorithms for quadratic optimization with fast convergence rates.	Luc Pronzato
Gradient descent methods in learning classifier systems: improving XCS performance in multistep problems.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Gradient projection methods for quadratic programs and applications in training support vector machines.	Luca Zanni
Gradient theory of phase transitions with a rapidly oscillating forcing term.	Marcello Lucia
GrafOLog: a Visual Language for a Logic with Objects.	Jean-Luc Guérin
Grammar-based Encoding of Facades.	Luc J. Van Gool
Grammatical understanding, literacy and text messaging in school children and undergraduate students: A concurrent analysis.	Lucy Hart
Granulometries and Opening Trees.	Luc Vincent
Graph Kernels for Molecular Structure-Activity Relationship Analysis with Support Vector Machines.	Jean-Luc Perret
Graph Visualization Techniques for Web Clustering Engines.	Luca Grilli
Graph classes with and without powers of bounded clique-width.	Luciano N. Grippo
Graph clustering, variational image segmentation methods and Hough transform scale detection for object measurement in images.	Luca Calatroni
Graph colorings, flows and arithmetic Tutte polynomial.	Luca Moci
GraphSum: Discovering correlations among multiple terms for graph-based summarization.	Luca Cagliero
Graphene Transistors for Bioelectronics.	Lucas H. Hess
Graphes cubiques d'indice trois, graphes cubiques isochromatiques, graphes cubiques d'indice quatre.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Graphical Congestion Games.	Luca Moscardelli
Graphical Interactive Strategy for the Analysis of NMR Spectra in Liquid Crystalline Phases.	G. De Luca
Graphical Reasoning in Compact Closed Categories for Quantum Computation	Lucas Dixon
Graphical norms via conceptual graphs.	Michael Luck
Graphical objects.	Lucia Darsa
Graphical reasoning in compact closed categories for quantum computation.	Lucas Dixon
Graphical tools for model-based mixture discriminant analysis.	Luca Scrucca
Graphically Designing and Formally Checking Self-Organizations for Wireless Network Systems.	Jean-Luc Koning
Graphics hardware for scientific computation.	Philipp Lucas
Graphs in which each C4 spans K4.	Tomasz Luczak
Graphs of Power-Bounded Clique-Width.	Luciano N. Grippo
Graphs with independent perfect matchings.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
Graphs without short odd cycles are nearly bipartite.	Tomasz Luczak
Gravitational waves from the 3D collapse of a neutron star to a Kerr black hole.	Luciano Rezzolla
Gravitational waves from the 3D collapse of a neutron star to a Kerr black hole.	Luca Baiotti
Gray and color image contrast enhancement by the curvelet transform.	Jean-Luc Starck
Gray code for derangements.	Jean-Luc Baril
Gray code for permutations with a fixed number of cycles.	Jean-Luc Baril
Gray code for permutations with a fixed number of left-to-right minima.	Jean-Luc Baril
Greedy Algorithms make Efficient Mechanisms.	Brendan Lucier
Greedy algorithms and poset matroids.	Luca Ferrari
Greedy algorithms and poset matroids.	Luca Ferrari
Green Move: Towards next generation sustainable smartphone-based vehicle sharing.	Luciano Baresi
Green radio despite "Dirty RF" front-end.	Jean-Luc Gautier
Green scheduling, flows and matchings.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Green's functions and spectral theory for the Hill's equation.	Lucía López-Somoza
Grey-tone skeletons of elongated objects using the concept of morphological automaton. Application to images of DNA molecules.	Lucien Leboucher
Grid Based Genome Wide Studies on Atrial Flutter.	Luciano Milanesi
Grid Binary LOgistic REgression (GLORE): building shared models without sharing data.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Grid and basis adaptive polynomial chaos techniques for sensitivity and uncertainty analysis.	Luca Gilli
Grid job scheduling using Route with Genetic Algorithm support.	Luciano José Senger
Grid methods in simulation and random variate generation.	Luc Devroye
Grid multi-category response logistic models.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Grid transfer operators for highly variable coefficient problems in two-level non-overlapping domain decomposition methods.	Luc Giraud
GridICE: a monitoring service for Grid systems.	Gian Luca Rubini
Griz: experience with remote visualization over an optical grid.	Luc Renambot
Ground Control Station Embedded Mission Planning for UAS.	Luca Damilano
Grounding stop place systems in the perceptuo-motor substance of speech: On the universality of the labial-coronal-velar stop series.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Group analyses of connectivity-based cortical parcellation using repeated k-means clustering.	Luca Nanetti
Group communication on highways: An evaluation study of geocast protocols and applications.	Luca Bedogni
Group communication on highways: An evaluation study of geocast protocols and applications.	Luciano Bononi
Group multicast routing problem: A genetic algorithms based approach.	Luca Sanna Randaccio
Group-Sparse Model Selection: Hardness and Relaxations	Luca Baldassarre
Group-Sparse Model Selection: Hardness and Relaxations.	Luca Baldassarre
Group-specific face verification using soft biometrics.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Groupe ACROE-ICA Ingénierie pour la création artistique : geste, musique, mouvement, image.	Annie Luciani
Grouping as a Searching Process for Minimum-Energy Configurations of Labelled Random Fields.	Gian Luca Foresti
Grouping genetic operators for the delineation of functional areas based on spatial interaction.	Lucas Martínez-Bernabeu
Groups and NTS Languages.	Luc Boasson
Groups of linear isometries on poset structures.	Luciano Panek
Groupwise Elastic Registration by a New Sparsity-Promoting Metric: Application to the Alignment of Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Perfusion Images.	Lucilio Cordero-Grande
Growing Hierarchical Tree SOM: An unsupervised neural network with dynamic topology.	Gian Luca Foresti
Growth of the flat bones of the membranous neurocranium: A computational model.	María Lucia Gutiérrez
Growth plate stress distribution implications during bone development: A simple framework computational approach.	María Lucia Gutiérrez
Guaranteed Computational Resprinting via Model-Predictive Control.	Luca Benini
Guaranteed interval analysis localization for mobile robots.	Philippe Lucidarme
Guaranteed parameter bounding for nonlinear models with uncertain experimental factors.	Luc Jaulin
Guaranteed passive balancing transformations for model order reduction.	Luca Daniel
Guaranteed robust nonlinear estimation with application to robot localization.	Luc Jaulin
Guaranteed robust nonlinear minimax estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Guaranteed tuning, with application to robust control and motion planning.	Luc Jaulin
Guaranteeing the Homotopy Type of a Set Defined by Non-Linear Inequalities.	Luc Jaulin
Guarded Negation.	Luc Segoufin
Guarded vector voltmeter for AC ratio standard calibration.	Luca Callegaro
Guerrilla tactics in information dissemination: developing a Web-based resource for NHS managers.	Lucy Bell
Guessing Bank PINs by Winning a Mastermind Game.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Guest Editor's Introduction.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Guest Editor's Introduction: 10th Conference on Software Maintenance and Reengineering.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Guest Editor?s Introduction: Systems on a Chip--The Next Electronic Frontier.	Luciano Lavagno
Guest Editorial for Special Issue Application of Concurrency to System Design.	Luca Bernardinello
Guest Editorial.	Luciano Lavagno
Guest Editorial.	Luca Benini
Guest Editorial.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Guest Editorial.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Guest Editorial.	Lucas Di Lillo
Guest Editorial.	Lucas Di Lillo
Guest Editorial.	Lucia Lo Bello
Guest Editorial: Challenges for Agent-Based Computing.	Michael Luck
Guest Editorial: Experimental Telecommunications Services and Terminals.	Robert W. Lucky
Guest Editorial: Innovative Technologies for the Seamless Integration of Formal and Informal Learning.	Luca Spalazzi
Guest Editorial: Intelligent Virtual Environments.	Michael Luck
Guest Editorial: Intelligent and Affective Learning Environments: New Trends and Challenges.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Guest Editorial: Introduction to the Special Section on Emerging Security Trends for Biomedical Computations, Devices, and Infrastructures.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Guest Editorial: SBAC-PAD 2013.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Guest Editorial: Special Issue on the Hough Transform. Has the Hough Transform Come of Age?	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Guest Editorial: Special Section on Digital Document Imaging.	Luc M. Vincent
Guest Editorial: Special Section on Quality Control by Artificial Vision.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Guest Editorial: Special Section on the ACM/IEEE Symposium on Networks-on-Chip 2010.	Luca Benini
Guest Editorial: Special Section on the ACM/IEEE Symposium on Networks-on-Chip 2010.	Luca P. Carloni
Guest Editorial: Video Processing and Communications in Real-Time Surveillance Systems.	Gian Luca Foresti
Guest Editors' Foreword.	Luca Aceto
Guest Editors' Foreword.	Luca Aceto
Guest Editors' Foreword.	Luca Aceto
Guest Editors' Foreword.	Luca Aceto
Guest Editors' Foreword.	Luca Aceto
Guest Editors' Foreword.	Luca Aceto
Guest Editors' Foreword: Special Section on the 2012 IEEE International Symposium on Medical Measurements and Applications.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Guest Editors' Introduction: Asynchronous Design Is Here to Stay (and Is More Mainstream Than You Thought).	Luciano Lavagno
Guest Editors' Introduction: Hot Topics at This Year's Design Automation Conference.	Luciano Lavagno
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Fault Diagnosis and Tolerance in Cryptography.	Luca Breveglieri
Guest Editors' Introduction: Trends and Directions in Microelectronics.	Luciano Lavagno
Guest column: additive combinatorics and theoretical computer science.	Luca Trevisan
Guest editorial analysis and synthesis of MAC protocols.	Luciano Lenzini
Guest editorial introduction to the two special issues on advances in analysis and control of time-delay systems.	Luc Dugard
Guest editorial to the special issue on inductive logic programming, mining and learning in graphs and statistical relational learning.	Luc De Raedt
Guest editorial.	Luciano Lenzini
Guest editorial.	Luca Zanni
Guest editorial.	Luca Benini
Guest editorial: Children and new technology.	Rosemary Luckin
Guest editorial: Event-based video analysis/retrieval.	Luc J. Van Gool
Guest editorial: special issue on "knowledge extraction from low quality data: theoretical, methodological and practical issues".	Luciano Sánchez
Guest editorial: special section on ant colony optimization.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Guest editors' foreword: Process Algebra.	Luca Aceto
Guesteditors'introduction: Special issue on Structural Operational Semantics.	Luca Aceto
Guided local search as a network planning algorithm that incorporates uncertain traffic demands.	Gilberto Flores Lucio
Guidelines for a graduate curriculum on embedded software and systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Guidelines for an effective design of serious games.	Angelo Marco Luccini
Guidelines for managing data and processes in bone and cartilage tissue engineering.	Luciano Milanesi
Guidelines for the Integration of Autonomous UAS into the Global ATM.	Lucio Flavio Vismari
Guiding Novice Web Workers in Making Image Descriptions Using Templates.	Lucia Hasty
Génolevures complete genomes provide data and tools for comparative genomics of hemiascomycetous yeasts.	Jean-Luc Souciet
Génolevures: protein families and synteny among complete hemiascomycetous yeast proteomes and genomes.	Jean-Luc Souciet
H-convergence of singular solutions of some Dirichlet problems with terms of order oneà François Murat pour ses 60 ans.	Lucio Boccardo
HAWAII: a domain-based approach for supporting mobility in wide-area wireless networks.	Luca Salgarelli
HAltORF: a database of predicted out-of-frame alternative open reading frames in human.	Jean-François Lucier
HCI aspects of mobile devices and services.	Luca Chittaro
HCube: Routing and similarity search in Data Centers.	Luciano Bernardes de Paula
HDLQ: A HDL environment for QCA design.	Luca Schiano
HEAP: A Highly Efficient Adaptive multi-Processor framework.	Luciano Lavagno
HEC-MAC: A Hybrid Energy-Aware Cross-Layer MAC Protocol for Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Mainetti
HERMES: an infrastructure for low area overhead packet-switching networks on chip.	Luciano Ost
HFC Access Network Design for Switched Broadcast TV Services.	Luc Martens
HIPERLAN/1 MAC protocol: stability and performance analysis.	Luciano Lenzini
HITS Can Converge Slowly, But Not Too Slowly, in Score and Rank.	Luca Pretto
HOG-Dot: A Parallel Kernel-Based Gradient Extraction for Embedded Image Processing.	Luca Maggiani
HOMSTRAD: recent developments of the Homologous Protein Structure Alignment Database.	Lucy A. Stebbings
HRSSA - Efficient hybrid stochastic simulation for spatially homogeneous biochemical reaction networks.	Luca Marchetti
HST image restoration developments at the ST-ECF.	L. B. Lucy
HUGO: Hierarchical mUlti-reference Genome cOmpression for aligned reads.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
HV-CMOS Design and Characterization of a Smart Rotor Coil Driver for Automotive Alternators.	Luca Fanucci
HW-SW emulation framework for temperature-aware design in MPSoCs.	Luca Benini
HYPE Applied to the Modelling of Hybrid Biological Systems.	Luca Bortolussi
HYPE: Hybrid modelling by composition of flows.	Luca Bortolussi
Hadoop on HPC: Integrating Hadoop and Pilot-based Dynamic Resource Management.	André Luckow
Hamilton cycles in random lifts of graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Hamiltonian Control of Quantum Dynamical Semigroups: Stabilization and Convergence Speed.	Riccardo Lucchese
Hamiltonian orthogeodesic alternating paths.	Luca Grilli
Hamiltonian potential functions for differential games.	Luca Lambertini
Hamiltonicity of Bipartite Biclaw-free Graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Hamming-Clustering method for signals prediction in 5' and 3' regions of eukaryotic genes.	Luciano Milanesi
Handbook of research on schools, schooling, and human development - Edited by Judith L Meece & Jacqueline S Eccles.	Lucy R. Betts
Handling Diagnosis of Schizophrenia by a Hybrid Method.	Luciano Comin Nunes
Handling Interpolated Data.	Luc Segoufin
Handling signature purposes in workflow systems.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Handling uncertainty in multimodal pervasive computing applications.	Marie-Luce Bourguet
Handshake Games.	Luca Fossati
Handwritten Digit Recognition with a Committee of Deep Neural Nets on GPUs	Luca Maria Gambardella
HaploPOP: a software that improves population assignment by combining markers into haplotypes.	Lucie Gattepaille
HaploReg v4: systematic mining of putative causal variants, cell types, regulators and target genes for human complex traits and disease.	Lucas D. Ward
HaploReg: a resource for exploring chromatin states, conservation, and regulatory motif alterations within sets of genetically linked variants.	Lucas D. Ward
Haptic Feedback for Enhancing Realism of Walking Simulations.	Luca Turchet
Haptic technologies for the conceptual and validation phases of product design.	Luca Formentini
Haptic, Virtual Interaction and Motor Imagery: Entertainment Tools and Psychophysiological Testing.	Lucio Tommaso De Paolis
Haptic, Virtual Interaction and Motor Imagery: Entertainment Tools and Psychophysiological Testing.	Valerio De Luca
Haptics in computer music : a paradigm shift	Annie Luciani
Haptics-based virtual reality periodontal training simulator.	Cristian Luciano
Harbinger: An Analyzing and Predicting System for Online Social Network Users' Behavior.	Lucheng Zhong
Hard Promise Problems and Nonuniform Complexity.	Luc Longpré
HardDrive Exchange - Eine VR-Lernanwendung zur Durchführung von Festplattenwechseln in Speichersystemen.	Ulrike Lucke
Hardening FPGA-based Systems Against SEUs: A New Design Methodology.	Luca Sterpone
Hardness of an Asymmetric 2-player Stackelberg Network Pricing Game.	Luciano Gualà
Hardness results for covering arrays avoiding forbidden edges and error-locating arrays.	Lucia Moura
Hardware Abstraction and Protocol Optimization for Coded Sensor Networks.	Daniel E. Lucani
Hardware Accelerator for the Tate Pairing in Characteristic Three Based on Karatsuba-Ofman Multipliers.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Hardware Trojan Horses in Cryptographic IP Cores.	Jean-Luc Danger
Hardware Variability-Aware Duty Cycling for Embedded Sensors.	Lucas Francisco Wanner
Hardware features of the static communication network of a parallel architecture.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
Hardware implementation of a new neurocontrol wheelchair-guidance system.	Luciano Boquete
Hardware-software codesign of embedded systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Hardware/Software Architecture for Real-Time ECG Monitoring and Analysis Leveraging MPSoC Technology.	Luca Benini
Harmless, a hardware architecture description language dedicated to real-time embedded system simulation.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
Harmonic and gold Sturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
Harmonising Harmony.	Luca Tranchini
Harmonized taxonomies for security and resilience.	Alan C. McLucas
Harnessing the information contained in low-quality data sources.	Luciano Sánchez
Has the pattern emperor any clothes?: a controversy in three acts.	Luciana D'Adderio
He-P2012: Performance and Energy Exploration of Architecturally Heterogeneous Many-Cores.	Luca Benini
Health Informatics Design for Assisted Diagnosis of Subclinical Atherosclerosis, Structural, and Functional Arterial Age Calculus and Patient-Specific Cardiovascular Risk Evaluation.	Lucía Florio
Health Web Science.	Joanne S. Luciano
Health surveillance using the internet and other sources of information.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Heap Graph Based Software Theft Detection.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Heart Instantaneous Frequency Based Estimation of HRV from Blood Pressure Waveforms.	Fausto Lucena
Heart arrhythmia classification using the prediction by partial matching algorithm.	Igor Lucena Peixoto Andrezza
Heat Flux Sensors for Infrared Thermography in Convective Heat Transfer.	Luigi de Luca
Heavy oil recovery efficiency using SAGD, SAGD with propane co-injection and STRIP-SAGD.	Angelo Lucia
Hedging global environment risks: An option based portfolio insurance.	Jean-Luc Prigent
Helmholtz and Dispersive Equations with Variable Coefficients on Exterior Domains.	Renato Lucà
Helpful Contextual Information Before or After Negative Events: Effects on Appraisal and Emotional Reaction.	Lucia Abbamonte
Hematopoietic differentiation: a coordinated dynamical process towards attractor stable states.	Luciano Cianetti
Herbrand-Analysen Zweier Beweise Des Satzes von Roth: Polynomiale Anzahlschranken.	H. Luckhardt
Herding Cats.	Luc Maranget
Herding Cats: Modelling, Simulation, Testing, and Data Mining for Weak Memory.	Luc Maranget
Heretical Multiple Importance Sampling.	Luca Martino
Hermite interpolation by piecewise polynomial surfaces with rational offsets.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Hermitian matrices of three parameters: perturbing coalescing eigenvalues and a numerical method.	Luca Dieci
Heterogeneity and Convergence of Olfactory First-Order Neurons Account for the High Speed and Sensitivity of Second-Order Neurons.	Philippe Lucas
Heterogeneity and Intensity of R&D Partnership in Italian Manufacturing Firms.	Luca Berchicci
Heterogeneous Feature State Estimation with Rao-Blackwellized Particle Filters.	Luca Iocchi
Heterogeneous Speed Profiles in Discrete Models for Pedestrian Simulation.	Luca Crociani
Heterogeneous Wireless Multirobot System.	Lucia Pallottino
Heterogeneous trading agents.	Luc Neuberg
Heuristic Search by Particle Swarm Optimization of Boolean Functions for Cryptographic Applications.	Luca Mariot
Heuristic algorithms for the cardinality constrained efficient frontier.	C. Lucas
Heuristic expansion of feature mappings in evolving program families.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Heuristics for composite Web service decentralization.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Heuristics for connectivity-based brain parcellation of SMA/pre-SMA through force-directed graph layout.	Luca Nanetti
Heuristics for multimode scheduling problems with dedicated resources.	Lucio Bianco
Heuristics for the Maximum 2-Layer RAC Subgraph Problem.	Luca Grilli
Heuristics for the local grid scheduling problem with processing time constraints.	Lucio Grandinetti
Heuristics for the probabilistic traveling salesman problem with deadlines based on quasi-parallel Monte Carlo sampling.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Hewlett-Packard Company Unlocks the Value Potential from Time-Sensitive Returns.	Luc Muyldermans
Hexagon DSP: An Architecture Optimized for Mobile Multimedia and Communications.	Lucian Codrescu
Hexagon kite systems.	Lucia Gionfriddo
Hexagon quadrangle systems.	Lucia Gionfriddo
HiTC: exploration of high-throughput 'C' experiments.	Luca Giorgetti
HiTEC: accurate error correction in high-throughput sequencing data.	Lucian Ilie
Hibernus: Sustaining Computation During Intermittent Supply for Energy-Harvesting Systems.	Luca Benini
Hidden Markov Model based gesture recognition on low-cost, low-power Tangible User Interfaces.	Luca Benini
Hidden and Uncontrolled - On the Emergence of Network Steganographic Threats.	Luca Caviglione
Hierarchical Bag of Paths for Kernel Based Shape Classification	Luc Brun
Hierarchical Bayesian inference for the EEG inverse problem using realistic FE head models: Depth localization and source separation for focal primary currents.	Felix Lucka
Hierarchical Scaled-States Direct Predictive Control of Synchronous Reluctance Motor Drives.	Luca Peretti
Hierarchical analysis of piecewise affine models of gene regulatory networks.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Hierarchical clustering of time series data with parametric derivative dynamic time warping.	Maciej Luczak
Hierarchical energy monitoring for task mapping in many-core systems.	Luciano Ost
Hierarchical model-based diagnosis based on structural abstraction.	Luca Chittaro
Hierarchical modelling of complex control systems: dependability analysis of a railway interlocking.	Luca Simoncini
Hierarchical parallelization and optimization of high-order stencil computations on multicore clusters.	Robert F. Lucas
Hierarchical stability of nonlinear hybrid systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Hierarchical transform and subband coding of video signals.	Luc Vandendorpe
Hierarchies Over Recursive Well-Orderings.	David C. Luckham
Hierarchy construction schemes within the Scale set framework	Luc Brun
High Dimensional Longitudinal Genomic Data: An analysis used for monitoring viral infections.	Joseph E. Lucas
High Performance Computing in Multibody System Design.	Luc Giraud
High Performance Computing on Heterogeneous Clusters with the Madeleine II Communication Library.	Luc Bougé
High Precision Fault Injections on the Instruction Cache of ARMv7-M Architectures.	Jean-Luc Danger
High Precision Fault Injections on the Instruction Cache of ARMv7-M Architectures.	Jean-Luc Danger
High Reliability Permanent Magnet Brushless Motor Drive for Aircraft Application.	Luca Castellini
High Speed Architectures for Finding the First two Maximum/Minimum Values.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
High Throughput and Low Cost Architecture for the Forward Quantization of the H.264/AVC Video Compression Standard.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
High capacity reversible data hiding and content protection for radiographic images.	Maurizio Lucenteforte
High level modeling of Dynamic Reconfigurable FPGAs.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
High performance cDNA sequence analysis using grid technology.	Luciano Milanesi
High performance computing in the cloud.	Lucio Grandinetti
High performance workflow implementation for protein surface characterization using grid technology.	Luciano Milanesi
High sensitivity noise measurement with a correlation spectrum analyzer.	Luca G. Fasoli
High speed true random number generator based on open loop structures in FPGAs.	Jean-Luc Danger
High temperature long term stability of SiC Schottky diodes.	Lucia Torrisi
High temperature reliability of μtrench Phase-Change Memory devices.	Luca Perniola
High texting rates mediate oral sex and intercourse experience in a longitudinal study of high school students.	Lucia F. O'Sullivan
High-Accuracy Comparison of Lightning and Switching Impulse Calibrators.	Wolfgang Lucas
High-Bandwidth Multisampled Digitally Controlled DC-DC Converters Using Ripple Compensation.	Luca Corradini
High-Level Modeling and Design of Asynchronous Interface Logic.	Luciano Lavagno
High-Level Synthesis for Accelerating the FPGA Implementation of Computationally Demanding Control Algorithms for Power Converters.	Oscar Lucía
High-Order Time Stepping for the Incompressible Navier-Stokes Equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
High-Performance Neural Networks for Visual Object Classification	Luca Maria Gambardella
High-Resolution 3-D Flood Information From Radar Imagery for Flood Hazard Management.	Lucien Hoffmann
High-Resolution Quantitative Imaging of Cornea Elasticity Using Supersonic Shear Imaging.	Jean-Luc Gennisson
High-Sensitivity Tracking of MOSFET Damage Using Dynamic-Mode Transient Measurements.	Lucas J. Passmore
High-Speed Dynamic Packet Filtering.	Luca Deri
High-Speed Electric Drive for Exhaust Gas Energy Recovery Applications.	Luca Solero
High-Speed Generator and Multilevel Converter for Energy Recovery in Automotive Systems.	Luca Solero
High-Speed Software Implementation of the Optimal Ate Pairing over Barreto-Naehrig Curves.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
High-Throughput Multi-Rate Decoding of Structured Low-Density Parity-Check Codes.	Luca Fanucci
High-Torque-Density Control of Multiphase Induction Motor Drives Operating Over a Wide Speed Range.	Luca Zarri
High-frequency thin-film multijunction thermal converter on a quartz crystal chip.	Luciana Scarioni
High-kappa related reliability issues in advanced non-volatile memories.	Luca Larcher
High-level Reasoning and Low-level Learning for Grasping: A Probabilistic Logic Pipeline.	Luc De Raedt
High-maturity levels: achieving CMMI ML-5 in a consultancy company.	Lucas Grossi
High-order central ENO finite-volume scheme for hyperbolic conservation laws on three-dimensional cubed-sphere grids.	Lucian Ivan
High-order central ENO finite-volume scheme for ideal MHD.	Lucian Ivan
High-order moments conservation in thermostatted kinetic models.	Luca Guerrini
High-order solution-adaptive central essentially non-oscillatory (CENO) method for viscous flows.	Lucian Ivan
High-order time stepping for the Navier-Stokes equations with minimal computational complexity.	Jean-Luc Guermond
High-performance computing: to boldly go where no human has gone before.	Luca Spalazzi
High-quality pagination for publishing.	Luca Furini
High-resolution SILC measurements of thin SiO2 at ultra low voltages.	Luc De Schepper
High-resolution in-situ of gold electromigration: test time reduction.	Luc De Schepper
High-speed imaging of shock wave focusing in concave profiles using shearing interferometry and direction-indicating colour schlieren.	David A. MacLucas
High-throughput minor histocompatibility antigen prediction.	David S. DeLuca
Higher Order SVD Analysis for Dynamic Texture Synthesis.	Luciano Sbaiz
Higher category models of the pi-calculus.	Lucius Gregory Meredith
Higher order data types.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Higher order differential structure of images.	Luc Florack
Higher order models for fuzzy random variables.	Luciano Sánchez
Higher-order co-occurrences for exploratory point pattern analysis and decision tree clustering on spatial data.	Lucy Bastin
Higher-order cyclostationarity properties of sampled time-series.	Luciano Izzo
Higher-order statistics for Rice's representation of cyclostationary signals.	Luciano Izzo
Higher-order structure and epidemic dynamics in clustered networks.	Luc Berthouze
Highlights from the 5th International Society for Computational Biology Student Council Symposium at the 17th Annual International Conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology and the 8th European Conference on Computational Biology.	Lucia Peixoto
Highlights from the Fourth International Society for Computational Biology Student Council Symposium at the Sixteenth Annual International Conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology.	Lucia Peixoto
Highlights of consumer electronics show (ces) 2013.	Javier Lucendo de Gregorio
Highlights.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Highlights.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Highly Efficient Class-C CMOS VCOs, Including a Comparison With Class-B VCOs.	Luca Fanori
Highly Linear Tunable CMOS Gmhbox-C Low-Pass Filter.	Lucía Acosta
Highly connected monochromatic subgraphs of two-colored complete graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Hilbert-Huang-Based Tremor Removal to Assess Postural Properties From Accelerometers.	Luca Palmerini
History preserving, causal and mixed-ordering equivalence over stable event structures.	Luca Aceto
Hoaxy: A Platform for Tracking Online Misinformation.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Hochschul-Apps im überblick.	Ulrike Lucke
Hochschule 2026.	Ulrike Lucke
Holes in random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Home bias effect in the management literature.	Lucinio González-Sabaté
Homogeneous P Colonies.	Lucie Ciencialová
Homogeneous and Heterogeneous MPSoC Architectures with Network-On-Chip Connectivity for Low-Power and Real-Time Multimedia Signal Processing.	Luca Fanucci
Horizontally Scalable Submodular Maximization.	Mario Lucic
Horvitz-Thompson estimation with randomized response and nonresponse.	Lucio Barabesi
Hospitality, improvisation and Gestell: a phenomenology of mobile information.	Lucas D. Introna
Hot topics in Evolutionary Computation.	Luca Mussi
Hough Forests for Object Detection, Tracking, and Action Recognition.	Luc J. Van Gool
Hough Localization for mobile robots in polygonal environments.	Luca Iocchi
How Accurately Can We Predict the Melting Points of Drug-like Compounds?	Luc Patiny
How Attention Changes in Response to Incentives.	Steven J. Luck
How Bandwidth-on-demand Technologies Bring New Efficiencies to Enterprise Networking.	Mark Luczak
How Can a Patient Blind to Radial Motion Discriminate Shifts in the Center-of-Motion?	Lucia M. Vaina
How Distribution Affects the Success of Pair Programming.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
How Do System and Enterprise Architectures Influence Knowledge Management in Software Projects? - An Explorative Study of Six Software Projects.	Carsten Lucke
How Important is Theory for Practical Problems? A Partial Explanation of Hartmanis' Observation.	Luc Longpré
How Many Nodes are Effectively Accessed in Complex Networks?	Luciano da F. Costa
How Open Data Networks Influence Business Performance and Market Structure.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
How Useful Is Image Super-resolution to Other Vision Tasks?	Luc J. Van Gool
How backhaul networks influence the feasibility of coordinated multipoint in cellular networks [Accepted From Open Call].	Luca Scalia
How can technology help intergenerational reminiscence? A pilot study.	Luca Morganti
How computer science can help in understanding the 3D genome architecture.	Luciano Milanesi
How delays matter in an oscillatory whole-brain spiking-neuron network model for MEG alpha-rhythms at rest.	Henry Luckhoo
How exploring computer science (ECS) came to Chicago.	Lucia Dettori
How many cores do we need to run a parallel workload: A test drive of the Intel SCC platform?	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
How natural is a natural interface? An evaluation procedure based on action breakdowns.	Luciano Gamberini
How physical network topologies affect virtual network embedding quality: A characterization study based on ISP and datacenter networks.	Luciana Salete Buriol
How physical network topologies affect virtual network embedding quality: A characterization study based on ISP and datacenter networks.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
How technology resources can be used to represent personal inquiry and support students' understanding of it across contexts.	Lucinda Kerawalla
How to Transform One Convex Function Continuously into Another.	Yves Lucet
How to build a brick.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
How to correctly prune tropical trees	Luca Saiu
How to covertly leak data from iOS?	Luca Caviglione
How to deal with unlabeled random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
How to integrate access control mechanisms into digital HDTV systems?	Jean-Luc Giachetti
How to integrate legal requirements into a requirements engineering methodology for the development of security and privacy patterns.	Luca Compagna
How to understand giants?	Lucas Marian Pawlik
How to use Big Data technologies to optimize operations in Upstream Petroleum Industry.	Luc Quoniam
How tool use and arm position affect peripersonal space representation.	Luciano Gamberini
HoxPred: automated classification of Hox proteins using combinations of generalised profiles.	Luc Leyns
Hpf-Builder: a Visual Environment To Transform Fortran 90 Codes To Hpf.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Human Body Part Selection by Group Lasso of Motion for Model-Free Gait Recognition.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Human Germline Antibody Gene Segments Encode Polyspecific Antibodies.	Samuel L. DeLuca
Human Navigation in Electronic Environments.	Luciano Gamberini
Human Posture Tracking and Classification through Stereo Vision and 3D Model Matching.	Luca Iocchi
Human Visual Perception and Kolmogorov Complexity: Revisited.	Luc Longpré
Human action recognition based on aggregated local motion estimates.	Manuel J. Lucena
Human secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in the processing of somatosensory rare stimuli: An fMRI study.	Gian Luca Romani
Human visual weighted quantization for transform/subband image coding revisited for interlaced pictures.	Luc Vandendorpe
Human-Scale Virtual Environment for Product Design: Effect of Sensory Substitution.	Philippe Lucidarme
Human-agent collectives.	Luc Moreau
Human-centered control scheme for delayed bilateral teleoperation of mobile robots.	Lucio Rafael Salinas
Humor Comprehension and Appreciation: An fMRI Study.	Luca Nocetti
Hunt-Crossley model based force control for minimally invasive robotic surgery.	Luca Bascetta
Hybrid ACO Routing Protocol for Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Hybrid Behaviour of Markov Population Models	Luca Bortolussi
Hybrid Control of Networked Embedded Systems.	Luca Benvenuti
Hybrid Control of a Bioreactor With Quantized Measurements.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Hybrid Dynamics of Stochastic pi-Calculus.	Luca Bortolussi
Hybrid Fingerprinting-EKF Based Tracking Schemes for Indoor Passive Localization.	Luca Reggiani
Hybrid GRASP Heuristics to Solve an Unrelated Parallel Machine Scheduling Problem with Earliness and Tardiness Penalties.	Luciana Brugiolo Gonçalves
Hybrid IP/SDN Networking: Open Implementation and Experiment Management Tools.	Luca Prete
Hybrid Mapping for the Assistance of Teleoperated Grasping Tasks.	Luca Colasanto
Hybrid Metaheuristic for Bicluster Editing Problem.	Lucídio dos Anjos F. Cabral
Hybrid Monte Carlo methods in credit risk management.	Lucia Del Chicca
Hybrid Neuro-Fuzzy Multi-objective trajectory Planning of Redundant manipulators.	Luc Baron
Hybrid Small Animal Imaging System Combining Magnetic Resonance Imaging With Fluorescence Tomography Using Single Photon Avalanche Diode Detectors.	Lucio Carrara
Hybrid Systems and Biology.	Luca Bortolussi
Hybrid behaviour of Markov population models.	Luca Bortolussi
Hybrid coding of video with spatio-temporal scalability using subband decomposition.	Adam Luczak
Hybrid coding of visual content and local image features.	Luca Baroffio
Hybrid diagrams.	Luca de Alfaro
Hybrid dynamics of stochastic programs.	Luca Bortolussi
Hybrid fuzzy MADM ranking procedure for better alternative discrimination.	Luciano Ferreira
Hybrid heuristic-waterfilling game theory approach in MC-CDMA resource allocation.	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Hybrid modeling and simulation for the design of an advanced industrial robot controller.	Luca Ferrarini
Hybrid pattern matching for trusted intrusion detection.	Lucas Vespa
Hybrid-Secure MPC: Trading Information-Theoretic Robustness for Computational Privacy.	Christoph Lucas
Hybride logikbasierte Systeme.	Kai von Luck
Hydrophobic Compounds Reshape Membrane Domains.	Luca Monticelli
Hyper-Regular Lattice-Ordered Groups.	François Lucas
HyperUAS - Imaging Spectroscopy from a Multirotor Unmanned Aircraft System.	Arko Lucieer
Hyperbolic reformulation of a 1D viscoelastic blood flow model and ADER finite volume schemes.	Lucas O. Müller
Hypergeometric Expressions for Generating Functions of Walks with Small Steps in the Quarter Plane.	Lucien Pech
Hypergraphs for Generic Lossless Image Compression.	Luc Gillibert
Hypermedia Design, Analysis, and Evaluation Issues.	Luca Mainetti
Hyperspectral Local Intrinsic Dimensionality.	Lucas Drumetz
Hypertemporal Classification of Large Areas Using Decision Fusion.	Lucien Hoffmann
Hypertext functionalities with XML.	Luca Bompani
Hypohamiltonian Snarks Have a 5-Flow.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Hypothesis Validation of Far-Wall Brightness in Carotid-Artery Ultrasound for Feature-Based IMT Measurement Using a Combination of Level-Set Segmentation and Registration.	Luca Saba
I compute, therefore I am (buggy): methodic doubt meets multiprocessors.	Luc Maranget
I-BAT: A Data-Intensive Solution Based on the Internet of Things to Predict Energy Behaviors in Microgrids.	Luc Dufour
I-DREAM: An Intranet BaseD Resource and Application Monitoring System.	Luciana S. Varejão
I/NI-calls for the exclusion of non-informative genes: a highly effective filtering tool for microarray data.	Luc Bijnens
IBDsite: a Galaxy-interacting, integrative database for supporting inflammatory bowel disease high throughput data analysis.	Luciano Milanesi
IBM UFO Repository.	Lucian Popa
IBM VisualAge for Java.	Luc A. Chamberland
ICDAR 2003 robust reading competitions: entries, results, and future directions.	Simon M. Lucas
ICEM modelling of microcontroller current activity.	Jean-Luc Levant
ICT and Health System Performance in Africa: A Multi-Method Approach.	Lucas Mimbi
ICT services and small businesses' productivity gains: An analysis of the adoption of broadband Internet technology.	Luca Grilli
IDA-Pay: An innovative micro-payment system based on NFC technology for Android mobile devices.	Luca Mainetti
IEEE 1599 for Live Musical and Theatrical Performances.	Luca A. Ludovico
IEEE 1599: a Multi-layer Approach to Music Description.	Luca A. Ludovico
IEEE 802.16: History, status and future trends.	Luciano Lenzini
IEEE CIG 2009 Conference Report [Conference Report].	Pier Luca Lanzi
IEEE ICRA 2016 in Stockholm [Society News].	Alessandro De Luca 0001
IEEE Software: Usage-Centered Engineering for Web Applications.	Lucy A. D. Lockwood
IGUANA Architecture, Framework and Toolkit for Interactive Graphics	Lucas Taylor
ILP turns 20 - Biography and future challenges.	Luc De Raedt
ILP-based cost-optimal DSP synthesis with module selection and data format conversion.	Lori E. Lucke
IMAGO Visualization System: An Interactive Web-Based 3D Visualization System for Cultural Heritage Applications.	Luciano Silva
IMS-Compliant management of vertical handoffs for mobile multimedia session continuity.	Luca Foschini
IMS-based presence service with enhanced scalability and guaranteed QoS for interdomain enterprise mobility.	Luca Foschini
INDIGO-Datacloud: foundations and architectural description of a Platform as a Service oriented to scientific computing.	Luciano Gaido
INSPM: An interactive evolutionary multi-objective algorithm with preference model.	Luciana R. Pedro
INTERALIGN: interactive alignment editor for distantly related protein sequences.	Jean-Luc Pellequer
INTOUSYS: A Prototype Of Personalized Tourism System.	Luciana Bordoni
IP-based access network infrastructure for next-generation wireless data networks.	Luca Salgarelli
ISACGH: a web-based environment for the analysis of Array CGH and gene expression which includes functional profiling.	Lucía Conde
ISALOG(¬): A Deductive Language with Negation for Complex-Object Databases with Hierarchies.	Luca Cabibbo
ISAMadapt: abstractions and tools for designing general-purpose pervasive applications.	Luciano Cavalheiro da Silva
ISPIDER Central: an integrated database web-server for proteomics.	Lucas Zamboulis
IUP/LED: A Portable User Interface Development Tool.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Identifiability and distinguishability concepts in electrochemistry.	Luc Pronzato
Identification and Characterization of an Intermediate Taxol Binding Site Within Microtubule Nanopores and a Mechanism for Tubulin Isotype Binding Selectivity.	Tyler Luchko
Identification and Selection of "Privileged Fragments" Suitable for Primary Screening.	Luca Sartori
Identification of Granger Causality between Gene Sets.	Luciana Rodrigues Gomes
Identification of Literary Movements Using Complex Networks to Represent Texts	Luciano da F. Costa
Identification of Relevant Properties for Epitopes Detection Using a Regression Model.	Jean-Luc Gala
Identification of functionally related genes using data mining and data integration: a breast cancer case study.	Luciano Milanesi
Identification of linear time-variant systems by spectral correlation measurements.	Luciano Izzo
Identification of smartphone brand and model via forensic video analysis.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Identification of task parameters from movement-related cortical potentials.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Identifying Cloned Navigational Patterns in Web Applications.	Andrea De Lucia
Identifying Extract Class refactoring opportunities using structural and semantic cohesion measures.	Andrea De Lucia
Identifying associations between amino acid changes and meta information in alignments.	Lucía Spangenberg
Identifying connected components in Gaussian finite mixture models for clustering.	Luca Scrucca
Identifying factors affecting software development cost and productivity.	Oscar Luczak
Identifying financially successful start-up profiles with data mining.	Luc Sels
Identifying groups of critical edges in a realistic electrical network by multi-objective genetic algorithms.	Lucia R. Golea
Identifying interorganisational networks: a factor-based approach.	Luciana C. Ballejos
Identifying microRNA targets in different gene regions.	F. Anthony San Lucas
Identifying objects in legacy systems using design metrics.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Identifying objects in legacy systems using design metrics.	Andrea De Lucia
Identifying reaction functions in differential oligopoly games.	Luca Lambertini
Identifying similar pages in Web applications using a competitive clustering algorithm.	Andrea De Lucia
Identifying strengths and limitations of pan-European forest cover maps through spatial comparison.	Lucia Maria Seebach
Identifying the Identity Thief: Is it time for a (smart) Australia Card?	Lucy Cradduck
Identifying the underlying structure of demand during promotions: A structural equation modelling approach.	Luc Muyldermans
Identity Based Threshold Ring Signature.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Identity management based on adaptive puzzles to protect P2P systems from Sybil attacks.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Identity: the paradoxical nature of organizational closure.	Luc Hoebeke
Ill-Posedness Issues for the Benjamin-Ono and Related Equations.	Luc Molinet
Illumination Independent and Accurate Marker Tracking Using Cross-Ratio Invariance.	Luc Soler
Image Coding Using Generalized Predictors Based on Sparsity and Geometric Transformations.	Luis F. R. Lucas
Image Decomposition and Separation Using Sparse Representations: An Overview.	Jean-Luc Starck
Image Decomposition via the Combination of Sparse Representations and a Variational Approach.	Jean-Luc Starck
Image Registration Based on Autocorrelation of Local Structure.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Image Segmentation with Topological Maps and Inter-pixel Representation.	Luc Brun
Image and Video Processing for Cultural Heritage.	Luc J. Van Gool
Image classification: an evolutionary approach.	Luca Lombardi
Image compression through wavelet transform coding.	Bradley J. Lucier
Image indexing and retrieval using an ART-2A neural network architecture.	Luciano José Senger
Image interpretation with a conceptual graph: Labeling over-segmented images and detection of unexpected objects.	Luc Brun
Image processing for multimedia terminals and related architectures.	Luc Vandendorpe
Image processing through multiscale analysis and measurement noise modeling.	Jean-Luc Starck
Image receptive fields for artificial neural networks.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Image search based on quadtree Zernike decomposition.	Luca Costantini
Image source acquisition identification of mobile devices based on the use of features.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Image-Based Surface Matching Algorithm Oriented to Structural Biology.	Luciano Milanesi
Image-Based Visual Servoing for Nonholonomic Mobile Robots Using Epipolar Geometry.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Image-based Visual Servoing with Central Catadioptric Cameras.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Image-based multimodal face authentication.	Luc Vandendorpe
Image-based procedural modeling of facades.	Luc J. Van Gool
Image-based rendering of intersecting surfaces for dynamic comparative visualization.	Luca Ferrarini
Image-based visual servoing schemes for nonholonomic mobile manipulators.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Image-level Classification in Hyperspectral Images using Feature Descriptors, with Application to Face Recognition.	Luc J. Van Gool
Image-to-space path planning for a SCARA manipulator with single color camera.	Luciano E. Chiang
Imaging artifacts induced by electrical stimulation during conventional fMRI of the brain.	Lucas C. Parra
Imaging of flame behavior in flickering methane/air diffusion flames.	Ralph E. Lucero
Immobilized Artificial Membrane Chromatography: Quantitative Structure-Retention Relationships of Structurally Diverse Drugs.	Juan M. Luco
Impact Vitality - A Measure for Excellent Scientists.	Lucy Amez
Impact of 1.55 mum laser diode degradation laws on fibre optic system performances using a system simulator.	Jean-Luc Goudard
Impact of Interdisciplinary Research on Planning, Running, and Managing Electromobility as a Smart Grid Extension.	Luciano Bononi
Impact of Interdisciplinary Research on Planning, Running, and Managing Electromobility as a Smart Grid Extension.	Luca Bedogni
Impact of Journals and Academic Reputations of Authors: A Structured Bibliometric Survey of the IEEE Publication Galaxy.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Impact of Power Supply Voltage Variations on FPGA-Based Digital Systems Performance.	Lucía Costas
Impact of Spatio-Temporal Correlation in Cooperative Spectrum Sensing for Mobile Cognitive Radio Networks.	Luca De Nardis
Impact of Variable Length Codes on the Interleaving Gain of Turbo Systems: The Concept of Bounded Spectrum.	Luc Vandendorpe
Impact of a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) System Integrated into a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) on Reader Sensitivity and Efficiency for the Detection of Lung Nodules in Thoracic CT Exams.	Luca Bogoni
Impact of atrial fibrillation on the cardiovascular system through a lumped-parameter approach.	Luca Ridolfi
Impact of different satellite soil moisture products on the predictions of a continuous distributed hydrological model.	Luca Pulvirenti
Impact of dynamic voltage scaling and thermal factors on SRAM reliability.	Luciano Ost
Impact of endurance degradation on the programming efficiency and the energy consumption of NOR flash memories.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Impact of gate drive voltage on avalanche robustness of trench IGBTs.	Luca Maresca
Impact of geometry on stretchable meandered interconnect uniaxial tensile extension fatigue reliability.	Riccardo Lucchini
Impact of plant dynamics on the performance of steady-state data reconciliation.	Luc Lachance
Impact of the As dose in 0.35 mum EEPROM technology: characterization and modeling.	Luca Larcher
Impact of the spotted microarray preprocessing method on fold-change compression and variance stability.	Jean-Luc Gala
Impact of tropospheric scintillation in the Ku/K bands on the communications between two LEO satellites in a radio occultation geometry.	Luca Facheris
Impact of virtual atmospherics and functional qualities on the online gambler's experience.	Anthony Lucas
Impact vitality: an indicator based on citing publications in search of excellent scientists.	Lucy Amez
Impactful Research on Transformational Information Technology: An Opportunity to Inform New Audiences.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Impaired fMRI activation in patients with primary brain tumors.	Emmanuel Luc Barbier
Impairment in explicit visuomotor sequence learning is related to loss of microstructural integrity of the corpus callosum in multiple sclerosis patients with minimal disability.	Luca Roccatagliata
Impartial Redistricting: A Markov Chain Approach.	Lucy Chenyun Wu
Impedance Control of a Spherical Parallel Platform.	Luca E. Bruzzone
Impedance Control of a Spherical Parallel Platform.	Luca Carbonari
Imperialist competitive algorithm for minimum bit error rate beamforming.	Caro Lucas
Implantação de Medição no Processo de Desenvolvimento de Software - Relato de Experiência e Lições Aprendidas.	Luciana Maria Azevedo Nascimento
Implementability of requirements in the four-variable model.	Lucian M. Patcas
Implementación de un Sistema de Control con Microcontrolador Difuso.	Adriano de Luca
Implementation and Test of an Online Embedded Grid Impedance Estimation Technique for PV Inverters.	Lucian Asiminoaei
Implementation and validation of an energy-efficient MAC scheduler for WSNs by a test bed approach.	Luca Mainetti
Implementation frameworks for IEEE 802.11s systems.	Luca Tavanti
Implementation in CHIMERE of a conservative solver for the advection equation - cmmse10.	M. Lucía Gavete
Implementation in a world of workstations and networks.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Implementation of a UMTS turbo decoder on a dynamically reconfigurable platform.	Luciano Lavagno
Implementation of an FPGA-Based Online Hardware-in-the-Loop Emulator Using High-Level Synthesis Tools for Resonant Power Converters Applied to Induction Heating Appliances.	Oscar Lucía
Implementation of an adaptive salinity risk framework in the Condamine catchment, Queensland Murray-Darling Basin, Australia.	Lucy M. Larkin
Implementation of an automated system for monitoring adherence to hemodialysis treatment: A report of seven years of experience.	Lucia Sacchi
Implementation of haptic communication in comanipulative tasks: a statistical state machine model.	Lucas Roche
Implementation of perception and action at nanoscale	Annie Luciani
Implementation of static semantic analysis of LOTOS specifications.	Luca Durante
Implementation, Innovation, and Related Themes Over The Years In Information Systems Research.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Implementations of mesh refinement schemes for Particle-In-Cell plasma simulations.	Jean-Luc Vay
Implementing Packaged Software.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Implementing Parallel Branch-and-Bound with Extended Sisal 2.0.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Implementing Stochastic Preplanned Restoration with Proportional Weighted Path Choice in IP/GMPLS/WDM Networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
Implementing a Functional Spreadsheet in Clean.	Luc M. W. J. Rutten
Implementing a specification for exceptional data in multilevel modeling of healthcare applications.	Luciana Tricai Cavalini
Implementing an IT service information management framework: The case of COTEMAR.	Teresa Lucio-Nieto
Implementing regularly structured neural networks on the DREAM machine.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Implementing standards for the interoperability among healthcare providers in the public regionalized Healthcare Information System of the Lombardy Region.	Luca Mazzola
Implementing the lifelong personal health record in a regionalised health information system: The case of Lombardy, Italy.	Luca Mazzola
Implicit QR for companion-like pencils.	Luca Gemignani
Implicit Schemes for the Fokker-Planck-Landau Equation.	Luc Mieussens
Implicit tracking for multi-fluid simulations.	Luca Formaggia
Implicit versus Explicit Characterization of Complex Entities and Events.	Luca Pazzi
Importance measures and genetic algorithms for designing a risk-informed optimally balanced system.	Luca Podofillini
Importance measures-based prioritization for improving the performance of multi-state systems: application to the railway industry.	Luca Podofillini
Importance of Coherence Protocols with Network Applications on Multicore Processors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Impossibility Results in the Equational Logic of Processes.	Luca Aceto
Imprecise distribution function associated to a random set.	Luciano Sánchez
Improved ARV Rounding in Small-set Expanders and Graphs of Bounded Threshold Rank	Luca Trevisan
Improved Approximation Algorithms for the Non-preemptive Speed-scaling Problem	Giorgio Lucarelli
Improved Authenticity Bound of EAX, and Refinements.	Stefan Lucks
Improved Cheeger's Inequality: Analysis of Spectral Partitioning Algorithms through Higher Order Spectral Gap	Luca Trevisan
Improved Class Prediction in DNA Microarray Gene Expression Data by Unsupervised Reduction of the Dimensionality followed by Supervised Learning with a Perceptron.	Lucía Conde
Improved Edge Enhancing Diffusion Filter for Speckle-Corrupted Images.	Luca Fabbrini
Improved Evolutionary Extreme Learning Machines Based on Particle Swarm Optimization and Clustering Approaches.	Luciano D. S. Pacifico
Improved Facial-Feature Detection for AVSP via Unsupervised Clustering and Discriminant Analysis.	Simon Lucey
Improved Fuzzy Logic System to Evaluate Milk Electrical Conductivity Signals from On-Line Sensors to Monitor Dairy Goat Mastitis.	Luciana Rossi
Improved Harmonic Mean Estimator for Phylogenetic Model Evidence.	Luca Tardella
Improved Method for Searching of Interleavers Using Garello's Method	Lucian Trifina
Improved Non-Approximability Results for Minimum Vertex Cover with Density Constraints.	Luca Trevisan
Improved Non-approximability Results for Minimum Vertex Cover with Density Constraints	Luca Trevisan
Improved Pseudorandom Generators for Depth 2 Circuits.	Luca Trevisan
Improved Purely Additive Fault-Tolerant Spanners.	Luciano Gualà
Improved QPP Interleavers for LTE Standard	Lucian Trifina
Improved Social Welfare Bounds for GSP at Equilibrium	Brendan Lucier
Improved Time-Frequency Analysis of Atrial Fibrillation Signals Using Spectral Modeling.	Luca T. Mainardi
Improved approximability and non-approximability results for graph diameter decreasing problems.	Luciano Gualà
Improved approximation algorithms for the Max Edge-Coloring problem.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Improved bounds for the traveling umpire problem: A stronger formulation and a relax-and-fix heuristic.	Lucas de Oliveira
Improved definition of the effective number of bits in ADC testing.	Luca di Rienzo
Improved generic algorithms for 3-collisions.	Stefan Lucks
Improved inference on capture recapture models with behavioural effects.	Luca Tardella
Improved initialisation of model-based clustering using Gaussian hierarchical partitions.	Luca Scrucca
Improved interpolation, motion estimation, and compensation for interlaced pictures.	Luc Vandendorpe
Improved key integrity checking for high-speed quantum key distribution using combinatorial group testing with strongly selective family design.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Improved method for searching interleavers from a certain set using Garello's method with applications for the LTE standard.	Lucian Trifina
Improved multiobjective particle swarm optimization for designing PID controllers applied to robotic manipulator.	Luciano Ferreira da Cruz
Improved network resilience of wireless mesh networks using MPLS and Fast Re-Routing techniques.	Luca Bisti
Improved network resilience of wireless mesh networks using MPLS and Fast Re-Routing techniques.	Luciano Lenzini
Improved numerical Cherenkov instability suppression in the generalized PSTD PIC algorithm.	Jean-Luc Vay
Improved rounding procedures for the discrete version of the capacitated EOQ problem.	Luca Bertazzi
Improved thermal analysis of buried landmines.	Luc Van Kempen
Improved treatment of cyclic -amino acids and successful prediction of -peptide secondary structure using a modified force field: AMBER*C.	Melissa J. Lucero
Improved visibility calculations with tree trunk obstruction modeling from aerial LiDAR.	Lucas P. Spaete
Improvement of Satellite Radar Feature Tracking for Ice Velocity Derivation by Spatial Frequency Filtering.	Adrian Luckman
Improvements on INRIM Coaxial Microcalorimeter and Outcome of a Model Comparison.	Luciano Brunetti
Improvements on INRIM Coaxial Microcalorimeter and Outcome of a Model Comparison.	Luca Oberto
Improvements on the minimax algorithm for the Laplace transformation of orbital energy denominators.	Lucas Visscher
Improvements to image magnification.	Luca Lombardi
Improving Computing Systems Automatic Multiobjective Optimization Through Meta-Optimization.	Lucian Vintan
Improving ERP Usability Through User-System Collaboration.	Wendy T. Lucas
Improving Electro-Magnetic Interference of Embedded Systems Through Jittered-Delay Desynchronization.	Luciano Lavagno
Improving Gameplay in First Person 3-D Games using Multiple Displays.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Improving IR-based traceability recovery via noun-based indexing of software artifacts.	Andrea De Lucia
Improving Innovation and Customer Satisfaction through Systems Integration.	Luc Honore Petnji Yaya
Improving Java performance using dynamic method migration on FPGAs.	Luca Benini
Improving Knowledge Management by Supporting Asynchronous Communications with a Debate Dashboard.	Luca Iandoli
Improving MAC layer association through social-based metrics in mobile networks.	Lucas Guardalben
Improving MEG source localizations: An automated method for complete artifact removal based on independent component analysis.	Gian Luca Romani
Improving MIMO capacity with directive antennas for outdoor-indoor scenarios.	Luciano Ahumada
Improving Multi-Objective Test Case Selection by Injecting Diversity in Genetic Algorithms.	Andrea De Lucia
Improving Multibank Memory Access Parallelism with Lattice-Based Partitioning.	Luca Gallo
Improving Network Agility With Seamless BGP Reconfigurations.	Luca Cittadini
Improving P2P streaming in Wireless Community Networks.	Luca Baldesi
Improving Resilience to Timing Errors by Exposing Variability Effects to Software in Tightly-Coupled Processor Clusters.	Luca Benini
Improving Scheduling of Communication Intensive Parallel Applications on Heterogeneous Computing Environments.	Luciano José Senger
Improving Search and Rescue Using Contextual Information.	Luca Iocchi
Improving Software Quality and Productivity Leveraging Mining Techniques: [Summary of the Second Workshop on Software Mining, at ASE 2013].	Lucia
Improving Source Code Lexicon via Traceability and Information Retrieval.	Andrea De Lucia
Improving UML with Petri nets.	Luciano Baresi
Improving a decomposition of the h-index.	Lucio Bertoli-Barsotti
Improving agile requirements: the Quality User Story framework and tool.	Garm Lucassen
Improving artefact quality management in advanced artefact management system with distributed inspection.	Andrea De Lucia
Improving classification models with taxonomy information.	Luca Cagliero
Improving color correction across camera and illumination changes by contextual sample selection.	Yves Lucas
Improving comparative analysis for the evaluation of AOSE methodologies.	Luca Cernuzzi
Improving decision-making performance through argumentation: An argument-based decision support system to compute with evidence.	Luca Iandoli
Improving evolutionary exploration to area-time optimization of FPGA designs.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Improving explicit bounds for the solutions of second order linear differential equations.	Lucas Jódar
Improving gender composition in computing.	Lucy Sanders
Improving medical protocols by formal methods.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Improving mobile ad hoc network routing with satellite out-of-band signaling.	André-Luc Beylot
Improving predictive models of glaucoma severity by incorporating quality indicators.	Lucia Sacchi
Improving regression testing performance using the Adaptive Resonance Theory-2A self-organising neural network architecture.	Luciano José Senger
Improving relevance feedback-based query expansion by the use of a weighted word pairs approach.	Luca Greco 0001
Improving routing in long-distance wireless mesh networks via a distributed embedded router.	Lucia Lo Bello
Improving scenario decomposition algorithms for robust nonlinear model predictive control.	Sergio Lucia
Improving smoothness and accuracy of Modified Butterfly subdivision scheme.	Lucia Romani
Improving software modularization via automated analysis of latent topics and dependencies.	Andrea De Lucia
Improving speech understanding performance through feedback verification.	Luciano Fissore
Improving structural similarity based virtual screening using background knowledge.	Lucia Puchbauer
Improving surface reconstruction in shape from shading using easy-to-set boundary conditions.	Luca Puggelli
Improving the Big Mac Attack on Elliptic Curve Cryptography.	Jean-Luc Danger
Improving the Competency of First-Order Ontologies.	Paqui Lucio
Improving the Context-sensitive Dependency Graph.	Salvador Lucas
Improving the Efficiency of Inductive Logic Programming Through the Use of Query Packs	Luc Dehaspe
Improving the Efficiency of Inductive Logic Programming Through the Use of Query Packs.	Luc Dehaspe
Improving the Quality of Technical and Vocational Education in Slovakia for European Labour Market Needs.	Lucia Kristofiaková
Improving the Surface Electric Potential Measurement Capability for Textile Materials.	Lucian Dascalescu
Improving the accuracy of isotropic granulometries.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Improving the accuracy of suicide attempter classification.	AnaLucia A. Alegria
Improving the customer experience for heterogeneous wireless access.	Jean-Luc Lafragette
Improving the design flow for parallel and heterogeneous architectures running real-time applications: The PHARAON FP7 project.	Luciano Lavagno
Improving the quality of collaboration requirements for information management through social networks analysis.	António Lucas Soares
Improving the real-time behavior of ethernet networks using traffic smoothing.	Lucia Lo Bello
Improving the reliability of inter-AS economic inferences through a hygiene phase on BGP data.	Luca Sani
Improving the reliability of inter-AS economic inferences through a hygiene phase on BGP data.	Luciano Lenzini
Improving the reliability of single-subject fMRI by weighting intra-run variability.	Luciano Fadiga
Improving the security of industrial networks by means of formal verification.	Luca Durante
Improving the sensitivity of sample clustering by leveraging gene co-expression networks in variable selection.	F. Anthony San Lucas
Improving the validity of determining medication adherence from electronic health record medications orders.	Capp F. Luckett
Improving the worst-case delay analysis of an AFDX network using an optimized trajectory approach.	Jean-Luc Scharbarg
Improving tracking by integrating reliability of multiple sources.	Luca Iocchi
Improving tracking by integrating reliability of multiple sources.	Luca Marchetti
Improving vehicular safety message delivery through the implementation of a cognitive vehicular network.	Luciano Bononi
Impulse-Based Scheme for Crystal-Less ULP Radios.	Lucien J. Breems
Imputation of coding variants in African Americans: better performance using data from the exome sequencing project.	Lucia A. Hindorff
Imputation reliability on DNA biallelic markers for drug metabolism studies.	Luciano Xumerle
In All Likelihood, Deep Belief Is Not Enough	Lucas Theis
In All Likelihood, Deep Belief Is Not Enough.	Lucas Theis
In Honour of Jean Vignes and Ulrich Kulisch.	Jean Luc Lamotte
In Memoriam: Mark Everingham.	Luc J. Van Gool
In Silico Identification and Biological Evaluation of Novel Selective Serum/Glucocorticoid-Inducible Kinase 1 Inhibitors Based on the Pyrazolo-Pyrimidine Scaffold.	Lucia D'antona
In a Blink of an Eye and a Switch of a Transistor: Cortically Coupled Computer Vision.	Lucas C. Parra
In patient dose reconstruction using a cine acquisition for dynamic arc radiation therapy.	Lucio Trodella
In patient dose reconstruction using a cine acquisition for dynamic arc radiation therapy.	Luca Grimaldi
In silico saturation mutagenesis and docking screening for the analysis of protein-ligand interaction: the Endothelial Protein C Receptor case study.	Luciano Milanesi
In the Pursuit of Effective Affective Computing: The Relationship Between Features and Registration.	Patrick Lucey
In the Pursuit of Effective Affective Computing: The Relationship Between Features and Registration.	Simon Lucey
In vitro quantification of the performance of model-based mono-planar and bi-planar fluoroscopy for 3D joint kinematics estimation.	Luca Tersi
In vivo MRI tracking of exogenous monocytes/macrophages targeting brain tumors in a rat model of glioma.	Emmanuel Luc Barbier
In-Sample and Out-of-Sample Model Selection and Error Estimation for Support Vector Machines.	Luca Oneto
In-Vivo Real-Time Control of Protein Expression from Endogenous and Synthetic Gene Networks.	Luca De Stefano
In-body path loss models for implants in heterogeneous human tissues using implantable slot dipole conformal flexible antennas.	Luc Martens
In-field fuel use and load states of agricultural field machinery.	Joe D. Luck
In-flight calibration of the POLDER polarized channels using the Sun's glitter.	Jean-Luc Deuze
In-home monitoring of older adults with vision impairment: exploring patients', caregivers' and professionals' views.	Lucy Busija
In-memory, distributed content-based recommender system.	Luc Martens
In-packet Bloom filters: Design and networking applications.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
In-sample Model Selection for Trimmed Hinge Loss Support Vector Machine.	Luca Oneto
In-to-Out Body Antenna-Independent Path Loss Model for Multilayered Tissues and Heterogeneous Medium.	Luc Martens
InGeoCloudS: A Cloud-Based Platform for Sharing Geodata Across Europe.	Claudio Lucchese
Inaccessibility-Inside Theorem for Point in Polygon	Luca Nanetti
Inapproximability of Combinatorial Optimization Problems	Luca Trevisan
Inapproximability of Combinatorial Optimization Problems	Luca Trevisan
Incentives for Truthful Evaluations.	Luca de Alfaro
Incentives for Truthful Peer Grading.	Luca de Alfaro
Inclusions et Produits de Groupes Abeliens Ordonnes Etudies au Premier Ordre.	François Lucas
Incoherent Frequency Fusion for Broadband Steered Response Power Algorithms in Noisy Environments.	Gian Luca Foresti
Incorporación de las competencias al modelo de construcción de currículos de ingeniería basados en problemas: el caso de la ingeniería de sistemas.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Incorporating Domain Knowledge Into the Fuzzy Connectedness Framework: Application to Brain Lesion Volume Estimation in Multiple Sclerosis.	F. Lucchini
Incorporating Input/Output Operations Into Dynamic Data-Flow Graphs.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Incorporating Planning into BDI Systems.	Michael Luck
Incorporating linear discriminant analysis in neural tree for multidimensional splitting.	Gian Luca Foresti
Incorporating local consistency information into the online signature verification process.	Luc J. M. Claesen
Incorporating prior knowledge into Gene Network Study.	F. Anthony San Lucas
Increased functional connectivity within mesocortical networks in open people.	Luca Passamonti
Increasing Energy Efficiency of Embedded Systems by Application-Specific Memory Hierarchy Generation.	Luca Benini
Increasing autonomy of UAVs.	Luca F. Bertuccelli
Increasing autonomy of UAVs.	Luc Brunet
Increasing cybersecurity investments in private sector firms.	William Lucyshyn
Increasing hardware data prefetching performance using the second-level cache.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
Increasing loyalty using predictive modeling in Business-to-Business Telecommunication.	Patrick Luciano
Increasing the Lifetime of Mobile WSNs via Dynamic Optimization of Sensor Node Communication Activity.	Lucas Jun Sakai
Increasing the reliability of data analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging by applying a new blockwise permutation method.	Michael Luchtmann
Incremental Algorithms for Hierarchical Classification.	Luca Zaniboni
Incremental Convex Planarity Testing.	Luca Vismara
Incremental Learning of Random Forests for Large-Scale Image Classification.	Luc J. Van Gool
Incremental Online Object Learning in a Vehicular Radar-Vision Fusion Framework.	Matthew D. Luciw
Incremental Slow Feature Analysis: Adaptive Low-Complexity Slow Feature Updating from High-Dimensional Input Streams.	Matthew D. Luciw
Incremental Slow Feature Analysis: Adaptive and Episodic Learning from High-Dimensional Input Streams	Matthew D. Luciw
Incremental modifications of segmented image defined by discrete maps.	Luc Brun
Incremental topological segmentation for semi-structured environments using discretized GVG.	Luc Oth
Independent Doubly Adaptive Rejection Metropolis Sampling Within Gibbs Sampling.	Luca Martino
Independent finite sums in graphs defined on the natural numbers.	Tomasz Luczak
Independet Transversals in Sparse Partite Hypergraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Indices de formes et de textures. Application au classement de noyaux de cellules.	Jean-Luc Mari
Indices of cognitive effort in machine translation post-editing.	Lucas Nunes Vieira
Indirect Estimation of Signal-Dependent Noise With Nonadaptive Heterogeneous Samples.	Lucio Azzari
Individual Differences in Nucleus Accumbens Dopamine Receptors Predict Development of Addiction-Like Behavior: A Computational Approach.	Caro Lucas
Individual cylinder characteristic estimation for a spark injection engine.	Luca Benvenuti
Indoor GPS: system functionality and initial performance evaluation.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Indoor Localisation Based on GSM Signals: Multistorey Building Study.	Marcin Luckner
Indoor localization in a hospital environment using Random Forest classifiers.	Luca Calderoni
Induction Heating Technology and Its Applications: Past Developments, Current Technology, and Future Challenges.	Oscar Lucía
Induction Machine Bearing Fault Detection by Means of Statistical Processing of the Stray Flux Measurement.	Lucia Frosini
Induction machine magnetic noise: Impact of a new stator magnetic circuit design.	Lucian Petrea
Induction of Electric Field in Human Bodies Moving Near MRI: An Efficient BEM Computational Procedure.	Luca L. Zilberti
Induction of descriptive fuzzy classifiers with the Logitboost algorithm.	Luciano Sánchez
Induction of fuzzy-rule-based classifiers with evolutionary boosting algorithms.	Luciano Sánchez
Inductive Logic Programming: A Survey of European Research.	Luc De Raedt
Inductive Logic Programming: Theory and Methods.	Luc De Raedt
Industrial strength polygon clipping: A novel algorithm with applications in VLSI CAD.	Lucanus J. Simonson
Indécidabilité de la Condition IRS.	Luc Boasson
Indécidabilité des Corps de Courbe Réelle.	Luc Bélair
Inefficiency of Games with Social Context.	Luca Becchetti
Inequalities for the Completion Times of Stochastic PERT Networks.	Luc P. Devroye
Inexact Quasi-Newton methods for sparse systems of nonlinear equations.	Luca Bergamaschi
Inexact constraint preconditioners for linear systems arising in interior point methods.	Luca Bergamaschi
Infants' vocalizations analyzed with an articulatory model: A preliminary report.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Inference and learning in probabilistic logic programs using weighted Boolean formulas	Luc De Raedt
Inference and learning in probabilistic logic programs using weighted Boolean formulas.	Luc De Raedt
Inference and mixture modeling with the Elliptical Gamma Distribution.	Lucas Theis
Inference in Probabilistic Logic Programs using Weighted CNF's	Luc De Raedt
Inference in Probabilistic Logic Programs using Weighted CNF's.	Luc De Raedt
Inferring Covariances for Probabilistic Programs.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Inferring Hidden Causal Structure.	Christopher G. Lucas
Inferring gene regulatory networks by integrating static and dynamic data.	Lucia Sacchi
Inferring individual attributes from search engine queries and auxiliary information.	Luca Soldaini
Inferring shape evolution.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Inferring task-related networks using independent component analysis in magnetoencephalography.	Henry Luckhoo
Infinite Chains of Partial Clones Containing All Selfdual Monotonic Partial Functions.	Lucien Haddad
Infinite queueing systems with tree structure.	Lucie Fajfrová
Infinite self-shuffling words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Infinite words without palindrome	Luc Boasson
Influence Maximization in Social Networks: Towards an Optimal Algorithmic Solution	Brendan Lucier
Influence and interaction indexes for pseudo-Boolean functions: A unified least squares approach.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Influence and interaction indexes for pseudo-Boolean functions: a unified least squares approach	Jean-Luc Marichal
Influence function of projection-pursuit principal components for functional data.	Juan Lucas Bali
Influence of Acoustic Feedback on the Learning Strategies of Neural Network-Based Sound Classifiers in Digital Hearing Aids.	Lucas Cuadra
Influence of PVD-coating technology and pretreatments on residual stresses for sheet-bulk metal forming tools.	Henning Lucas
Influence of Reception Condition, MPE-FEC Rate and Modulation Scheme on Performance of DVB-H.	Luc Martens
Influence of Uniform Noise on Two Light-Controlled oscillators.	Jean-Luc Guisset
Influence of low frequency noise in adaptive estimation using the LMS algorithm.	Fausto Lucena
Influence of omitted citations on the bibliometric statistics of the major Manufacturing journals.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Influence of stator slot openings on losses and torque in axial flux permanent magnet machines.	Luc Dupré
Influence of the BWB Mechanism on Some Performance Figures of a DQDB Subnetwork.	Luciano Lenzini
Influence of various process steps on the reliability of PMOSFETs submitted to negative bias temperature instabilities.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Influences on the corporate adoption of Web technology.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Infographic analytical tools for decision makers - Analysis of the research production in sciences. Application to chemistry, comparison between Marseille and Montpellier (France).	Luc Quoniam
Informatics 2.0: implications of social media, mobile health, and patient-reported outcomes for healthcare and individual privacy.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Informatics is about algorithms, systems, people, and social networks.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Informatics research to enable clinically relevant, personalized genomic medicine.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Informatics support for clinical decisions.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Informatics that works for you.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Information Appliances and Tools in Visage.	Peter Lucas 0002
Information Centrality and Ordering of Nodes for Accuracy in Noisy Decision-Making Networks.	Luca Scardovi
Information Centric Networking over SDN and OpenFlow: Architectural Aspects and Experiments on the OFELIA Testbed	Luca Veltri
Information Criteria for quantifying loss of reversibility in parallelized KMC.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Information Decomposition in Bivariate Systems: Theory and Application to Cardiorespiratory Dynamics.	Luca Faes
Information Hiding as a Challenge for Malware Detection.	Luca Caviglione
Information Hiding as a Challenge for Malware Detection.	Luca Caviglione
Information Overload in Group Communication: From Conversation to Cacophony in the Twitch Chat.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Information Retrieval Based on Fuzzy Reasoning.	Dario Lucarella
Information Retrieval from Hypertext: An Approach Using Plausible Inference.	Dario Lucarella
Information Sharing Among Disaster Responders - An Interactive Spreadsheet-Based Collaboration Approach.	Luca Paolino
Information Spreading in Dynamic Graphs	Luca Trevisan
Information Spreading in Opportunistic Networks is Fast	Luca Becchetti
Information Technology and Physical Space.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Information Technology and Pricing Decisions: Price Adjustments in Online Computer Markets.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Information Technology for Active Ageing: A Review of Theory and Practice.	Luca Cernuzzi
Information and Communication Technology Offshoring Logistics Success: A Social Exchange Perspective.	Lucian L. Visinescu
Information centric networking over SDN and OpenFlow: Architectural aspects and experiments on the OFELIA testbed.	Luca Veltri
Information closure and the sceptical objection.	Luciano Floridi
Information diffusion on the iterated local transitivity model of online social networks.	Lucy Small
Information ethics, its nature and scope.	Luciano Floridi
Information ethics, its nature and scope.	Luciano Floridi
Information flow in the DAMA project beyond database managers: information flow managers.	Lucian Russell
Information from Searching Content with an Ontology-Utilizing Toolkit (iSCOUT).	Luciano M. Prevedello
Information fusion strategies and performance bounds in packet-drop networks.	Luca Schenato
Information literacy of teachers and pupils in secondary schools.	Lucy Merchant
Information professionals in Brazil: core competencies and professional development.	Lucyana Nascimento
Information quality model and optimization for 802.15.4-based wireless sensor networks.	Lucas Vespa
Information retrieval on documents methodology based on entropy filtering methodologies.	Lucía Quintero Montoya
Information sharing in e-government initiatives: Freedom of Information and Data Protection issues concerning local government.	Luciano Batista
Information spreading in dynamic graphs.	Luca Trevisan
Information technology literacy revisited: an exploratory assessment.	Lucian L. Visinescu
Information visualization and its application to medicine.	Luca Chittaro
Information, knowledge and collaboration management in the internationalisation of SMEs: A systematic literature review.	António Lucas Soares
Information, possible worlds and the cooptation of scepticism.	Luciano Floridi
Information-Seeking Control Under Visibility-Based Uncertainty.	Luca Valente
Information-flow security for JavaScript and its APIs.	Luciano Bello
Information-theoretic assessment of multi-dimensional signals.	Luciano Alparone
Information-theoretic assessment of sampled hyperspectral imagers.	Luciano Alparone
Information-theoretic heterogeneity measurement for SAR imagery.	Luciano Alparone
Informational privacy and its ontological interpretation.	Luciano Floridi
Informational privacy and its ontological interpretation.	Luciano Floridi
Infrared tomographic system for monitoring the two-dimensional distribution of atmospheric pollution over limited areas.	Luca Facheris
Infrared tomographic system for monitoring the two-dimensional distribution of atmospheric pollution over limited areas.	Luca Facheris
Infrequent Weighted Itemset Mining Using Frequent Pattern Growth.	Luca Cagliero
Infusing Collaborative Recommenders with Distributed Representations.	Lucas Nunes Barbosa
Inhalte und Ergebnisse des Verbundprojekts Wissenswerkstatt Rechensysteme (WWR).	Ulrike Lucke
Inheritance in the join calculus.	Luc Maranget
Inheritance, Generics and Binary Methods in Java.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Inhibition and substrate recognition - a computational approach applied to HIV protease.	Lucien M. H. Koymans
Initial Logic and Induction in Algebraic Specification.	Dorel Lucanu
Initial Logic and Induction in Algebraic Specification.	Dorel Lucanu
Initial code synchronization of W-CDMA mobile systems exploiting local phase coherence and Pisarenko estimation.	Luc Vandendorpe
Initial localization by set inversion.	Luc Jaulin
Initial validation of a virtual-reality learning environment for prostate biopsies: realism matters!	Lucile Vadcard
Initial validation of a virtual-reality learning environment for prostate biopsies: realism matters!	Jean-Luc Descotes
Injecting roles in Java agents through runtime bytecode manipulation.	Luca Ferrari
Injectivity analysis using interval analysis: Application to structural identifiability.	Luc Jaulin
Ink: designing for performative literary interactions.	Melissa Lucas
Inner Approximation of the Range of Vector-Valued Functions.	Luc Jaulin
Inner and outer fuzzy approximations of confidence intervals.	Luciano Sánchez
InnoTube: a video-based connection tool supporting collaborative innovation.	Angelo Marco Luccini
Innovating to enhance clinical data management using non-commercial and open source solutions across a multi-center network supporting inpatient pediatric care and research in Kenya.	Lucas Malla
Innovation and Obstacles: The Future of Computing.	Robert W. Lucky
Innovative ad-hoc wireless sensor networks to significantly reduce leakages in underground water infrastructures.	Luca Cisoni
Innovative approaches to support patient decision making, improve safety, and enable large-scale clinical research.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Innovative performance evaluation methodologies and tools: Selected papers from ValueTools 2006.	Luciano Lenzini
Inpainting Strategies for Reconstruction of Missing Data in VHR Images.	Luca Lorenzi
Inpainting and Zooming Using Sparse Representations.	Jean-Luc Starck
Input compression and efficient VLSI architectures for rank order and stack filters.	Lori E. Lucke
Input identification to a class of nonlinear input-output causal systems.	Luciano Pandolfi
Input shaping and time-optimal control of flexible structures.	Lucy Y. Pao
Input to state set stability for pulse width modulated control systems with disturbances.	Luc Moreau
Inside the Identity Management Game.	Lucy Lynch
Insider trading in an equilibrium model with default: a passage from reduced-form to structural modelling.	Luciano Campi
Insight into the Allosteric Inhibition of Abl Kinase.	Anna Lucia Fallacara
Insight into the Fundamental Interactions between LEDGF Binding Site Inhibitors and Integrase Combining Docking and Molecular Dynamics Simulations.	Laura De Luca
Insights on the Facet Specific Adsorption of Amino Acids and Peptides toward Platinum.	Lucyna Firlej
Instruction-level security analysis for information flow in stack-based assembly languages.	Luca Martini
Instruction-level security typing by abstract interpretation.	Luca Martini
Inteconnecting Heterogeneous Database Management Systems.	Gary L. Luckenbaugh
Integer Roots Chromatic Polynomials of Non-Chordal Graphs and the Prouhet-Tarry-Escott Problem.	Florian Luca
Integer linear programming optimization of joint RRM policies for heterogeneous wireless systems.	M. Carmen Lucas-Estan
Integer-valued polynomials on prime numbers and logarithm power expansion.	Jean-Luc Chabert
Integrated Energy-Aware Management of Supercomputer Hybrid Cooling Systems.	Luca Benini
Integrated Infrastructure for Ubiquitous Learning.	Lucas Vaz Pires
Integrated Management of Systems, Services, Processes and People in IT: A Report on DSOM 2009.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Integrated Modeling of the Battlespace Environment.	Cecelia DeLuca
Integrated Modeling of the Battlespace Environment.	Lucy Smedstad
Integrated Task Scheduling and Data Assignment for SDRAMs in Dynamic Applications.	Luca Benini
Integrated Toolset for WSN Application Planning, Development, Commissioning and Maintenance: The WSN-DPCM ARTEMIS-JU Project.	Luca D'Onofrio
Integrated Toolset for WSN Application Planning, Development, Commissioning and Maintenance: The WSN-DPCM ARTEMIS-JU Project.	Luciano Lavagno
Integrated Transit Priority and Rail/Emergency Preemption in Real-Time Traffic Adaptive Signal Control.	David E. Lucas
Integrated annotation and analysis of genetic variants from next-generation sequencing studies with variant tools.	F. Anthony San Lucas
Integrated bioinformatics application for automated target discovery.	Luca Toldo
Integrated databases and computer systems for studying eukaryotic gene expression.	Luciano Milanesi
Integrated design of a linear/neuro-adaptive controller in the presence of norm-bounded uncertainties.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Integrated system for control and monitoring industrial wireless networks for labor risk prevention.	M. Carmen Lucas-Estan
Integrating ASMs into the Software Development Life Cycle.	Luca Mearelli
Integrating Discrete and Continuous Data in an OpenGeospatial-Compliant Specification.	Luca Paolino
Integrating Educational and ICT Innovations: A Case Study of Master Course.	Luca Tateo
Integrating GIS and spatial data analysis: problems and possibilities.	Luc Anselin
Integrating Information Literacy into the Virtual University: A Course Model.	DeAnne L. Luck
Integrating Learning, Problem Solving, and Engagement in Narrative-Centered Learning Environments.	Lucy R. Shores
Integrating Mathematical and Symbolic Models Through AESOP: An Expert for Stock Options Pricing.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Integrating Naïve Bayes and FOIL.	Luc De Raedt
Integrating Relational Databases and Constraint Languages.	Peter Lucas
Integrating Shallow and Deep Knowledge in the Design of an On-Line Process Monitoring System.	Luca Gilardoni
Integrating Textual and Graphical Modelling Languages.	Luc Engelen
Integrating User-Generated Content and Pervasive Communications.	Luca Costabello
Integrating articulatory data in deep neural network-based acoustic modeling.	Luciano Fadiga
Integrating automated literature searches and text mining in biomarker discovery.	Luc Dehaspe
Integrating clinical research with the Healthcare Enterprise: From the RE-USE project to the EHR4CR platform.	Noël Lucas
Integrating coercion with subtyping and multiple dispatch.	Victor Luchangco
Integrating geomorphology, statistic and numerical simulations for landslide invasion hazard scenarios mapping: An example in the Sorrento Peninsula (Italy).	Federica Lucà
Integrating heterogeneous adaptation techniques to build a flexible and usable mobile tourist guide.	Luca Console
Integrating longitudinal information in hippocampal volume measurements for the early detection of Alzheimer's disease.	Luca Rei
Integrating monolithic and free-parts representations for improved face verification in the presence of pose mismatch.	Simon Lucey
Integrating tactile and force feedback for highly dynamic tasks: Technological, experimental and epistemological aspects.	Annie Luciani
Integrating transportation and production: an international study case.	Luca Bertazzi
Integrating, summarizing and visualizing GWAS-hits and human diversity with DANCE (Disease-ANCEstry networks).	Lucas Henrique C. Lima
Integration kognitiver Systeme - ein Zwischenbericht.	Kai von Luck
Integration of Action and Language Knowledge: A Roadmap for Developmental Robotics.	Luciano Fadiga
Integration of Audio Resources into a Digital Library: The BEIC Case Study.	Luca Andrea Ludovico
Integration of SAR-derived river inundation areas, high-precision topographic data and a river flow model toward near real-time flood management.	Lucien Hoffmann
Integration of Sensor and actuator Failure Detection, Identification, and Accommodation Schemes within Fault Tolerant Control Laws.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Integration of a Miniaturised Triaxial Force Sensor in a Minimally Invasive Surgical Tool.	Lucia Beccai
Integration of multiple middlewares on a single computing resource.	Gian Luca Volpato
Integration of numeric and symbolic information for semantic image interpretation.	Luciano Serafini
Integration strategies for audio-visual speech processing: applied to text-dependent speaker recognition.	Simon Lucey
Integration von Lösungen für das Bewerbungsmanagement mit Job-Portalen und beruflichen Netzwerken.	Ulrike Lucke
Integrative Modelling of the Influence of MAPK Network on Cancer Cell Fate Decision.	Luca Grieco
Inteligência Swarm e Equilíbrio de Verhulst Aplicados à Alocação de Potência em Redes ópticas CDMA Particionadas.	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Intellectual property and public research in biotechnology: the scientists opinion.	Lucimara Flávio Dos Reis
Intellectual property and public research in biotechnology: the scientists opinion.	Márcio Luís Gomes Lucatelli
Intelligence obtained by applying data mining to a database of French theses on the subject of Brazil.	Luc Quoniam
Intelligence-led policing at the Amsterdam-Amstelland Police Department: operationalized business intelligence with an enterprise ambition.	Luc Lutin
Intelligent Adaptive Control of Non-linear Systems Based on Emotional Learning Approach.	Caro Lucas
Intelligent Chair Sensor: Classification and Correction of Sitting Posture.	Rui Lucena
Intelligent Disease Self-Management with Mobile Technology.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Intelligent Distributed Surveillance System for People Reidentification in a Transportation Environment.	Jean-Luc Bruyelle
Intelligent Energy Systems: Introducing Power-ICT Interdependency in Modeling and Control Design.	Luca Galbusera
Intelligent Game Engine for Rehabilitation (IGER).	Pier Luca Lanzi
Intelligent Planning: A Decomposition and Abstraction Based Approach to Classical Planning.	Luca Spalazzi
Intelligent Prodder: Implementation of Measurement Methodologies for Material Recognition and Classification With Humanitarian Demining Applications.	Luciano Cantelli
Intelligent Tutoring System Authoring Tools.	Carol Luckhardt Redfield
Intelligent cognitive radio jamming - a game-theoretical approach.	Lucio Marcenaro
Intelligent devices for appliances control in home networks.	Thomas Luckenbach
Intelligent parking systems.	Panta Lucic
Intelligent virtual environments for virtual reality art.	Jean-Luc Lugrin
Inter- and intra-observer variability analysis of completely automated cIMT measurement software (AtheroEdge™) and its benchmarking against commercial ultrasound scanner and expert Readers.	Luca Saba
Inter-Network Cooperation Exploiting Game Theory and Bayesian Networks.	Luca Canzian
Inter-Organizational Learning and Collective Memory in Small Firms Clusters: an Agent-Based Approach.	Luca Iandoli
Inter-arrival times of message propagation on directed networks	Lucilla de Arcangelis
Inter-observer Variability Analysis of Automatic Lung Delineation in Normal and Disease Patients.	Luca Saba
Inter-view prediction of intra mode decision for high-efficiency video coding-based multiview video coding.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Interacting with Virtual Humans through Body Actions.	Luc Emering
Interacting with piles of artifacts on digital tables.	Andrés Lucero
Interacting with social networks of intelligent things and people in the world of gastronomy.	Luca Console
Interacting with the Music Paint Machine: Relating the constructs of flow experience and presence.	Luc Nijs
Interaction and Collective Movement Processing (Dagstuhl Seminar 14132).	Luca Giuggioli
Interaction laws for dependability explicit computing in open multi-agent systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Interaction of Culture-Based Learning and Cooperative Co-Evolution and its Application to Automatic Behavior-Based System Design.	Caro Lucas
Interaction-free dressing of virtual humans.	Volker Luckas
Interactive Concept-Learning and Constructive Induction by Analogy.	Luc De Raedt
Interactive Digital Terrestrial Television: The Interoperability Challenge in Brazil.	Giovanni Luca Daino
Interactive Games in Multi-Device Environments to Enhance the Learning Experience of Museum Visitors.	Lucio Davide Spano
Interactive Graphics Devices [Guest editor's introduction].	Anthony P. Lucido
Interactive Learning of Pattern Rankings.	Luc De Raedt
Interactive Methods for Exploring Particle Simulation Data.	Jean-Luc Vay
Interactive Modeling and Evaluation of Tumor Growth.	Luciano Silva da Silva
Interactive Persuasive Systems: A Perspective on Theory and Evaluation.	Luciano Gamberini
Interactive Persuasive Systems: A Perspective on Theory and Evaluation.	Luca Chittaro
Interactive Recognition and Representation of Functionality.	Luca Bogoni
Interactive Trace-Based Analysis Toolset for Manual Parallelization of C Programs.	Luciano Lavagno
Interactive Virtual Relighting of Real Scenes.	Luc Robert
Interactive and probabilistic proof-checking.	Luca Trevisan
Interactive and visual fuzzy classification of remotely sensed imagery for exploration of uncertainty.	Arko Lucieer
Interactive characterization of granulated materials.	Lucio C. M. Pinto
Interactive computation of holograms using a look-up table.	Mark E. Lucente
Interactive computer programs for the graphic analysis of nucleotide sequence data.	V. A. Luckow
Interactive constrained dynamics for rigid and deformable objects.	Luca Vezzaro
Interactive decisions and potential games.	Lucia Pusillo
Interactive documentaries: A Golden Age.	Lucie Conrad
Interactive exploration of parameter space in data mining: Comprehending the predictive quality of large decision tree collections.	Luciana Padua
Interactive spatial sonification for non-visual exploration of virtual maps.	Luca Giulio Brayda
Interactive technologies in the instrumental music classroom: A longitudinal study with the Music Paint Machine.	Luc Nijs
Interactive visual analysis of geographic data on mobile devices based on dynamic queries.	Luca Chittaro
Interactive voice technology at work: The CSELT experience.	Luciano Nebbia
Interactivity, Interfaces, and Smart Toys.	Rosemary Luckin
Intercomparison of inversion algorithms to retrieve rain rate from SSM/I by using an extended validation set over the Mediterranean area.	Luca Pulvirenti
Interconnect fabrication processes and the development of low-cost wiring for CMOS products.	Stephen E. Luce
Interdomain path computation for PCE-assisted Traffic Engineering.	Luca Bisti
Interface changes causing accidents. An empirical study of negative transfer.	Lucile Cacitti
Interfaces: A Game-Theoretic Framework for Reasoning About Component-Based Systems.	Luca de Alfaro
Interfacing human and computer with wireless body area sensor networks: the WiMoCA solution.	Luca Benini
Interference Management in 5G Reverse TDD HetNets With Wireless Backhaul: A Large System Analysis.	Luca Sanguinetti
Interference Management in 5G Reverse TDD HetNets: A Large System Analysis.	Luca Sanguinetti
Interference Mitigation on WLANs Using Smart Antennas.	Lucio Mania
Interference-free code design for MC-CDMA uplink transmissions.	Luca Sanguinetti
Interlocking editorship. A network analysis of the links between economic journals	Lucio Barabesi
Interlocking editorship. A network analysis of the links between economic journals.	Lucio Barabesi
International Large-Scale Vehicle Corpora for Research on Driver Behavior on the Road.	Lucas Malta
International Workshop on Terminological Logics - Proceedings	Kai von Luck
International comparison for RF power in the frequency range up to 18 GHz.	Luciano Brunetti
International comparison of a pulse calibrator used in high-voltage impulse calibration.	Wolfgang Lucas
Internet as a "point of synergy" between communication and distribution: hypothesis of model applied to tourism.	Lucia Aiello
Internet financial reporting on the web in Indonesian: not just technical problem.	Luciana Spica Almilia
Internet-Scale IPv4 Alias Resolution With MIDAR.	Matthew J. Luckie
Internet: Which Future for Organized Knowledge, Frankenstein or Pygmalion?	Luciano Floridi
Internet: which future for organized knowledge, Frankenstein or Pygmalion?	Luciano Floridi
Interoperability Tests on OSI Products in the Framework of the OSIRIDE-Intertest Initiative.	Luciano Lenzini
Interoperability Through Emergent Semantics A Semiotic Dynamics Approach.	Luc Steels
Interoperation of world-wide production e-Science infrastructures.	Luca Magnoni
Interoperative Biopsy Site Relocalization in Endoluminal Surgery.	Luc Soler
Interplay between peptide bond geometry and local conformation: molecular dynamics analyses.	Luciana Esposito
Interplay of network dynamics and ties heterogeneity on spreading dynamics.	Luca Ferreri
Interpolatory blending net subdivision schemes of Dubuc-Deslauriers type.	Lucia Romani
Interpreting Natural Language Instructions Using Language, Vision, and Behavior.	Luciana Benotti
Interpreting translation-invariant wavelet shrinkage as a new image smoothing scale space.	Bradley J. Lucier
Interrogation efficace de ressources distribuées dans des systèmes de médiation.	Luc Bouganim
Intersection Types from a Proof-theoretic Perspective.	Luca Roversi
Intersections of Finitely Generated Maximal Partial Clones.	Lucien Haddad
Intersections of random line segments.	Luc Devroye
Intersections of the Hermitian Surface with irreducible Quadrics in even Characteristic.	Luca Giuzzi
Intersections of the Hermitian surface with irreducible quadrics in PG(3, q2), q odd.	Luca Giuzzi
Intersections with random geometric objects.	Luc Devroye
Interval Estimation for the Sortino Ratio and the Omega Ratio.	Lucio De Capitani
Interval analysis and dioid: application to robust controller design for timed event graphs.	Luc Jaulin
Interval and Complexity Workshops Back-to-Back with 1997 ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC'97).	Luc Longpré
Interval and fuzzy Average Internal Rate of Return for investment appraisal.	Luciano Stefanini
Interval constraint propagation with application to bounded-error estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Interval estimation for the Sharpe Ratio when returns are not i.i.d. with special emphasis on the GARCH(1, 1) process with symmetric innovations.	Lucio De Capitani
Interval-valued Blind Source Separation Applied to AI-based Prognostic Fault Detection of Aircraft Engines.	Luciano Sánchez
Interval-valued GA-P algorithms.	Luciano Sánchez
Intervals of Partial Clones Containing Maximal Clones.	Lucien Haddad
Intervention with Complete and Incomplete Information: Application to Flow Control.	Luca Canzian
Intervention with Private Information, Imperfect Monitoring and Costly Communication.	Luca Canzian
Interview: Donald Peterson.	Lucy Sanders
Intra Predictive Depth Map Coding Using Flexible Block Partitioning.	Luis F. R. Lucas
Intradaily dynamic portfolio selection.	Luc Bauwens
Intrinsic bonding defects in transition metal elemental oxides.	Gerald Lucovsky
Introducing Belbic: Brain Emotional Learning Based Intelligent Controller.	Caro Lucas
Introducing Distributed Dynamic Data-intensive (D3) Science: Understanding Applications and Infrastructure.	André Luckow
Introducing adaptive neurofuzzy modeling with online learning method for prediction of time-varying solar and geomagnetic activity indices.	Caro Lucas
Introducing buffer inventories in the RBD analysis of process production systems.	Luca Fumagalli
Introducing cognition in TDM PONs with cooperative cyclic sleep through runtime sleep time determination.	Luca Valcarenghi
Introducing deviations and multiple abstraction levels in the functional diagnosis of fluid transfer systems.	Luca Chittaro
Introducing emergent technologies in tactical and disaster recovery networks.	Luca Caviglione
Introducing evolving Takagi-Sugeno method based on local least squares support vector machine models.	Caro Lucas
Introducing the Discriminative Paraconsistent Machine (DPM).	Luciene Cavalcanti Rodrigues
Introducing the Extremely Heterogeneous Architecture.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Introducing the Institut de Recherche et d'Histoire des Textes (C.N.R.S.): Medieval book and computer.	Lucie Fossier
Introducing the New Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Computer Architecture Letters.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Introducing the New Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Computers.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Introduction - Graph Transformation and Visual Modeling Techniques - GT-VMT 2001.	Luciano Baresi
Introduction au tatouage d'images.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Introduction of New Associate Editors.	Gian Luca Foresti
Introduction to POS: A Protocol Operational Semantics.	Jean-Luc Koning
Introduction to the Special Issue on Cognition, Joint Action and Collective Intentionality.	Luca Tummolini
Introduction to the Special Issue on Context in Natural Language Processing.	Lucja Iwanska
Introduction to the Special Issue on Intrinsic Speech Variations.	Luciano Fissore
Introduction to the Special Issue on the 2014 IEEE International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC).	Lucien J. Breems
Introduction to the Special Issue on the ECAI 2012 Turing and Anniversary Track.	Luc De Raedt
Introduction to the Special Section on Best Papers from SEAMS 2012.	Luciano Baresi
Introduction to the Special Section on Induction Heating Systems.	Oscar Lucía
Introduction to the Special Section on Project Organization and Management.	Lucy A. D. Lockwood
Introduction to the algebra of separators with application to path planning.	Luc Jaulin
Introduction to the issue on Adaptive Sparse Representation of Data and Applications in Signal and Image Processing.	Jean-Luc Starck
Introduction to the special issue on learning classifier systems.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Introduction to the special issue on probability, logic and learning.	Luc De Raedt
Introduction to the special issue on the nature and scope of information.	Luciano Floridi
Introduction.	Luciano Floridi
Introduction.	Tomasz Luczak
Introduction.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Introduction.	Luca Console
Introduction.	Andrea De Lucia
Introduction.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Introdução aos Sistemas de Recomendação para Grupos.	Lucas Augusto M. C. Carvalho
Introdução aos Tutoriais do SIBGRAPI 2003.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Intrusion Detection Routers: Design, Implementation and Evaluation Using an Experimental Testbed.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Intrusion Detection System for Wireless Sensor Networks Using Danger Theory Immune-Inspired Techniques.	Luci Pirmez
Intrusion detection for secure clustering and routing in Mobile Multi-hop Wireless Networks.	Luciano Bononi
Intrusion detection in federated clouds.	Luca Tasquier
Intrusion detection using a fuzzy genetics-based learning algorithm.	Caro Lucas
Intuitionistic Light Affine Logic.	Luca Roversi
Intégration d'Unicode Conception d'un agent de recherche d'information sur internet.	Nadine Lucas
Invariance and variability in the production of the height feature in French vowels.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Invariance and variability in the production of the height feature in French vowels.	Lucie Ménard
Invariance of the Cauchy mean-value expression with an application to the problem of representation of Cauchy means.	Lucio R. Berrone
Invariances of single curved manifolds applied to mesh segmentation.	Franklin Leandro Acioly Lucena
Invariances of single curved manifolds applied to mesh segmentation.	Lucas Almeida Pereira de Lima
Invariant Domains and First-Order Continuous Finite Element Approximation for Hyperbolic Systems.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Invariant feature extraction and neural trees for range surface classification.	Gian Luca Foresti
Invariant sets techniques for Youla-Kučera parameter synthesis.	Anamaria Luca
Invariant-Free Clausal Temporal Resolution.	Paqui Lucio
Inventaires spatialisés de polluants atmosphériques. Elaboration et utilisation dans un système d'information géographique.	Jean-Luc Ponche
Inverse synthetic aperture radar imaging of satellites.	Luc Vignaud
Inversion of circulant matrices over Zm.	Luciano Margara
Inversion techniques for trajectory control of flexible robot arms.	Pasquale Lucibello
Inversion techniques for trajectory control of flexible robot arms.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Invertible Linear Cellular Automata over Zm: Algorithmic and Dynamical Aspects.	Luciano Margara
Investigating New Wireless Technologies and Their Potential Impact on Children's Spatiality: A Role for GIS.	Lucy Wood
Investigating neuronal activity by SPYCODE multi-channel data analyzer.	Luca Leonardo Bologna
Investigating new calibration methods without feature detection for TOF cameras.	Luc Mertens
Investigating relationships within and between category networks in Wikipedia.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Investigating the contribution of linguistic information to quality estimation.	Lucia Specia
Investigating the influence of QoS on personal evaluation behaviour in a mobile context.	Luc Martens
Investigating the influence of the choice of the ensemble members in accuracy and diversity of selection-based and fusion-based methods for ensembles.	Lucas de Melo Oliveira
Investigating the performance of a middleware protocol architecture for tele-measurement.	Luca Berruti
Investigating the use of gradient boosting machine, random forest and their ensemble to predict skin flavonoid content from berry physical-mechanical characteristics in wine grapes.	Luca Brillante
Investigating the use of gradient boosting machine, random forest and their ensemble to predict skin flavonoid content from berry physical-mechanical characteristics in wine grapes.	Luca Rolle
Investigating topological chaos by elementary cellular automata dynamics.	Luciano Margara
Investigation of Rule 73 as Case Study of Class 4 Long-Distance Cellular Automata.	Lucas Kang
Investigation of Time-Frequency Features for GPR Landmine Discrimination.	Luc Van Kempen
Investigation of the effects of constant voltage stress on thin SiO2 layers using dynamic measurement protocols.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Investigation on LP-residual representations for speaker identification.	Jean-Luc Zarader
Involutions of epicentral words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Involutions of epicentral words.	Aldo de Luca
IonRock: software for solving strain gradients of ion-implanted semiconductors by X-ray diffraction measurements and evolutionary programming.	Lucas Bleicher
Irreversible conversion of graphs.	Lucia Draque Penso
Is Cheeger-type Approximation Possible for Nonuniform Sparsest Cut?	Luca Trevisan
Is Secure and Usable Smartphone Authentication Asking Too Much?	Alexander De Luca
Is There an Optimal Substitution Matrix for Contact Prediction with Correlated Mutations?	Luciano Margara
Is green networking beneficial in terms of device lifetime?	Luca Chiaraviglio
Is internet the cherry on top or a crutch? Offline social support as moderator of the outcomes of online social support on Problematic Internet Use.	Lucia Baiocco
Is routine hospital episode data sufficient for identifying individuals with chronic kidney disease? A comparison study with laboratory data.	Lucas Denadai
Is the deconvolution layer the same as a convolutional layer?	Lucas Theis
Is the unfolding of the group discussion off-pattern? Improving coordination support in educational forums using mobile devices.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Is the use of information and communication technology related to performance in working memory tasks? Evidence from seventh-grade students.	Lucy García
Is your model checker on time? On the complexity of model checking for timed modal logics.	Luca Aceto
Isidd: An Interactive System for Inductive Database Design.	Luc De Raedt
Ising formulations of many NP problems	Andrew Lucas
Isogemetric analysis and symmetric Galerkin BEM: A 2D numerical study.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Isogeometric BDDC Preconditioners with Deluxe Scaling.	Luca F. Pavarino
Isogeometric analysis in advection-diffusion problems: Tension splines approximation.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Isogeometric analysis of the advective Cahn-Hilliard equation: Spinodal decomposition under shear flow.	Luca Dedè
Isogeometric analysis-based reduced order modelling for incompressible linear viscous flows in parametrized shapes.	Luca Heltai
Isolated word recognition in Slovak via neural nets.	Lucius Chudý
Issues About Retrieving Sea Surface Salinity in Coastal Areas From SMOS Data.	Jean-Luc Vergely
Issues in learning an ontology from text.	Joanne S. Luciano
Issues on Designing a Cryptographic Compiler.	Stefan Lucks
It ain't what you learn but the way that you learn it.	Rosemary Luckin
It's only a computer: Virtual humans increase willingness to disclose.	Gale M. Lucas
Itemset generalization with cardinality-based constraints.	Luca Cagliero
Itemset mining: A constraint programming perspective.	Luc De Raedt
Iterative Bregman Projections for Regularized Transportation Problems.	Luca Nenna
Iterative Nearest Neighbors.	Luc J. Van Gool
Iterative Polynomial Approximation Adapting to Arbitrary Probability Distribution.	Didier Lucor
Iterative Resource Allocation for Maximizing Weighted Sum Min-Rate in Downlink Cellular OFDMA Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Iterative Substructuring Methods for Spectral Element Discretizations of Elliptic Systems I: Compressible Linear Elasticity.	Luca F. Pavarino
Iterative Substructuring Methods for Spectral Element Discretizations of Elliptic Systems. II: Mixed Methods for Linear Elasticity and Stokes Flow.	Luca F. Pavarino
Iterative Versionspaces.	Luc De Raedt
Iterative construction of Dupin cyclide characteristic circles using non-stationary Iterated Function Systems (IFS).	Lucie Druoton
Iterative decoding of one-step majority logic deductible codes based on belief propagation.	Rainer Lucas
Iterative filtering of SIFT keypoint matches for multi-view registration in Distributed Video Coding.	Lucian Ciobanu
Iterative least squares development of discriminant functions for spectroscopic data analysis by pattern recognition.	Lucio Pietrantonio
Iterative performance improvement of fuzzy control systems for three tank systems.	Marius-Lucian Tomescu
Iterative random search: a new local minima resistant algorithm for motion estimation in high-definition videos.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Iterative regularization algorithms for constrained image deblurring on graphics processors.	Luca Zanni
Iterative remapping for logic circuits.	Luca Benini
Itinerary determination of imprecise mobile agents with firm deadline.	Luciana Rech
JOLIE: a Java Orchestration Language Interpreter Engine.	Roberto Lucchi
JTSA: An open source framework for time series abstractions.	Lucia Sacchi
Janus - Multi Source Event Detection and Collection System for Effective Surveillance of Criminal Activity.	Luciano Nocera
Java Tutoring System with Facial and Text Emotion Recognition.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Java-Based Mobile Asset Location.	Luca Deri
Jellyfish: Networking Data Centers Randomly	Lucian Popa
JoiN: The implementation of a Java-based massively parallel grid.	Fabiano de Oliveira Lucchese
Joint Design and Pricing on a Network.	Luce Brotcorne
Joint Eigenvalue Decomposition of Non-Defective Matrices Based on the LU Factorization With Application to ICA.	Xavier Luciani
Joint Impact of Frequency Synchronization Errors and Intermodulation Distortion on the Performance of Multicarrier DS-CDMA Systems.	Luca Rugini
Joint Linear Processing for an Amplify-and-Forward MIMO Relay Channel with Imperfect Channel State Information.	Luc Vandendorpe
Joint MOO of Transmit Precoding and Receiver Design in a Downlink Time Switching MISO SWIPT System.	Luc Vandendorpe
Joint Validation of Application Models and Multi-Abstraction Network-on-Chip Platforms.	Luciano Ost
Joint annotation of coding and non-coding single nucleotide polymorphisms and mutations in the SNPeffect and PupaSuite databases.	Lucía Conde
Joint co-clustering: Co-clustering of genomic and clinical bioimaging data.	Luca Benini
Joint collaborative planning as a governance mechanism to strengthen the chain of IT value co-creation.	Luc Cassivi
Joint decorrelation, a versatile tool for multichannel data analysis.	Lucas C. Parra
Joint design of Gaussianized spectrum-based features and least-square linear classifier for automatic acoustic environment classification in hearing aids.	Lucas Cuadra
Joint estimation of segmentation and structure from motion.	Luca Zappella
Joint hop-by-hop and receiver-driven interest control protocol for content-centric networks.	Luca Muscariello
Joint radio resource management for heterogeneous wireless systems.	M. Carmen Lucas-Estan
Joint source-channel codes based on irregular turbo codes and variable length codes.	Luc Vandendorpe
Joint workshop on foundations of computer security and automated reasoning for security protocol analysis (FCS-ARSPA '06).	Luca Viganò 0001
Jointly Optimized Regressors for Image Super-resolution.	Luc J. Van Gool
Josephson-Voltage-Standard-Locked Sine Wave Synthesizer: Margin Evaluation and Stability.	Luca Callegaro
Jumping succession rules and their generating functions.	Luca Ferrari
Justifying induction on modal μ-formulae.	Luca Alberucci
JuxMem: An Adaptive Supportive Platform for Data Sharing on the Grid.	Luc Bougé
K-Nearest Neighbors directed synthetic images injection.	Luca Piras
K-Terminal Network Reliability Measures With Binary Decision Diagrams.	Corinne Lucet
K-core decomposition of Internet graphs: hierarchies, self-similarity and measurement biases.	Luca Dall'Asta
KD4v: comprehensible knowledge discovery system for missense variant.	Luc Moulinier
KEEL: a software tool to assess evolutionary algorithms for data mining problems.	Luciano Sánchez
KEPE - a motif frequently superimposed on sumoylation sites in metazoan chromatin proteins and transcription factors.	Katja Luck
KL-ONE: Eine Einführung	Kai von Luck
KMAD: knowledge-based multiple sequence alignment for intrinsically disordered proteins.	Lucjan Stanislaw Wyrwicz
Kaiser and Raspaud conjecture on cubic Graphs with few vertices	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Kalman filtering with intermittent observations.	Luca Schenato
Keep the lips to free the larynx: Comments on de Boer's articulatory model (2010).	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Kernel Characterization of an Interval Function.	Luc Jaulin
Kernel-based learning methods for preference aggregation.	Luc Boullart
Kernelized Saliency-Based Person Re-Identification Through Multiple Metric Learning.	Gian Luca Foresti
Kernels on Prolog Proof Trees: Statistical Learning in the ILP Setting.	Luc De Raedt
Key building blocks for high-capacity WDM photonic transport networks.	Luc Berthelon
Key factors for adopting inner source.	Yan Lucas
Killing Non-Human Animals in Video Games: A Study on User Experience and Desensitization to Violence Aspects.	Luca Chittaro
KinectFaceDB: A Kinect Database for Face Recognition.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Kinematics, sensors and control of the fully automated façade-cleaning robot SIRIUSc for the Fraunhofer headquarters building, Munich.	Mario Lucke
Kinetic and Exchange Energy Densities near the Nucleus.	Lucian A. Constantin
Kinetic models based on analysis of the dissolution of copper, zinc and brass from WEEE in a sodium persulfate environment.	árpád Imre-Lucaci
Kinetics of Crystal Growth Limited by Random Velocity Fields.	Jerzy Luczka
Kinetics of alcoholic fermentation using guava (Psidium guajava) seed flour and dry mycelium of Aspergillus niger as nitrogen sources.	Ana Lucia Gómez
Kirsten Malmkjær and Kevin Windle (eds.): The Oxford handbook of translation studies - Oxford University Press, 2011, xvii + 607 pp, ISBN: 978-0-19-923930-6.	Lucia Specia
Kitchen stories: sharing recipes with the Living Cookbook.	Lucia Terrenghi
Kleene Algebra and Bytecode Verification.	Lucja Kot
Knightian uncertainty and moral hazard.	Luca Rigotti
Know-how transfer on creating and developing QS-9000 Quality System in American-Polish joint venture company on the example of WIX Filtration Products, Division of Dana Corporation and WIX-Filtron Ltd.	Jacek Luczak
Knowledge Base Population using Semantic Label Propagation.	Lucas Sterckx
Knowledge Engineering in Esprit.	Luc Steels
Knowledge Propagation in Contextualized Knowledge Repositories: an Experimental Evaluation.	Luciano Serafini
Knowledge Representation for Robots through Human-Robot Interaction.	Luca Iocchi
Knowledge Representation in LILOG	Kai von Luck
Knowledge acquisition through human-robot multimodal interaction.	Luca Iocchi
Knowledge base population using semantic label propagation.	Lucas Sterckx
Knowledge discovery approach to automated cardiac SPECT diagnosis.	Lucy S. Goodenday
Knowledge dynamics in multi-agent systems: Plausibility, belief revision and forwarding information.	Luciano H. Tamargo
Knowledge emergence in scientific communication: from "fullerenes" to "nanotubes".	Diana Lucio-Arias
Knowledge exchange processes in Industrial Districts and the emergence of networks.	Luca Iandoli
Knowledge representation for ambient security.	Gian Luca Foresti
Knowledge representation for natural language processing in implemented systems.	Lucja Iwanska
Knowledge representation of the software architecture design process based on situation calculus.	María Luciana Roldán
Knowledge sharing in knowledge-intensive manufacturing firms. An empirical study of its enablers.	Luca Giustiniano
Knowledge sharing in project-based organizations: Overcoming the informational limbo.	António Lucas Soares
Knowledge-Based Support to the Treatment of Exceptions in Computer Interpretable Clinical Guidelines.	Luca Piovesan
Knowledge-driven delivery of home care services.	Lucas Marin
Kolmogorov Complexity Justifies Software Engineering Heuristics.	Luc Longpré
Kolmogorov complexity leads to a representation theorem for idempotent probabilities (sigma-maxitive measures).	Luc Longpré
Konzeption und Implementierung einer konfigurierbaren Komponente zum Modelldatenaustausch am Beispiel der bflow* Toolbox.	Lucas Wirmer
Konzeption und Implementierung eines Werkzeuges zur automatisierten Identifikation und Analyse von Argumentationsstrukturen anhand der Entscheidungen des Bundesverfassungsgerichts im Digital-Humanities-Projekt ARGUMENTUM.	Luc Schneider
L'automate épidémie et le modèle d'Eden face à l'irrégularité.	Lucas Gerin
L'irréductibilité centrale dans les boucles de moufang commutatives et dans les systémes triples de hall.	Lucien Bénéteau
L1 logistic regression as a feature selection step for training stable classification trees for the prediction of severity criteria in imported malaria.	Luca Talenti
L1 logistic regression as a feature selection step for training stable classification trees for the prediction of severity criteria in imported malaria.	Margaux Luck
L1-Approximation of Stationary Hamilton-Jacobi Equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
L1-minimization methods for Hamilton-Jacobi equations: the one-dimensional case.	Jean-Luc Guermond
L2 OSTC-CPM: Theory and design	Luc Deneire
L2 Orthogonal Space Time Code for Continuous Phase Modulation	Luc Deneire
L2 anti-windup for linear dead-time systems.	Luca Zaccarian
L2-Orthogonal ST-Code Design for CPM.	Luc Deneire
LAC: Introducing Latency-Aware Caching in Information-Centric Networks - Technical Report.	Luca Muscariello
LAHEDES: the LAGLIDADG homing endonuclease database and engineering server.	Lucas H. Petrucci
LAIM discretization for multi-label data.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
LDPC codes from Singer cycles	Luca Giuzzi
LDPC codes from Singer cycles.	Luca Giuzzi
LIDAR Developments at Clermont-Ferrand - France for Atmospheric Observation.	Jean-Luc Baray
LIS as Applied Philosophy of Information: A Reappraisal.	Luciano Floridi
LISA (Localhost Information Service Agent)	Lucian Musat
LMI-Based Approaches for the Calibration of Continuous Glucose Measurement Sensors.	Luca Zaccarian
LMMSE and MAP estimators for reduction of multiplicative noise in the nonsubsampled contourlet domain.	Luciano Alparone
LOCKE Detailed Specification Tables	Lucia G. Menezo
LPi logic with fixed points.	Luca Spada
LQG-like control of scalar systems over communication channels: The role of data losses, delays and SNR limitations.	Luca Schenato
LR Characterization of Chirotopes of Finite Planar Families of Pairwise Disjoint Convex bodies.	Luc Habert
LTAG-spinal and the Treebank.	Lucas Champollion
LTL model checking for security protocols.	Luca Compagna
La connaissance commune en logique modale.	Luc Lismont
La conservation à long terme des documents dynamiques et interactifs : InterPARES 2.	Luciana Duranti
La réponse automatique comme solution à la gestion des relations avec la clientèle Une application de la question-réponse.	Luc Plamondon
LaBRI.Modélisation du son, de la parole et de la musique.	Jean-Luc Rouas
Label preference schemes in GMPLS controlled networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
Labeled Natural Deduction Systems for a Family of Tense Logics	Luca Viganò 0001
Labeling source code with information retrieval methods: an empirical study.	Andrea De Lucia
Labelled Modal Logics: Quantifiers.	Luca Viganò 0001
Labelled Propositional Modal Logics: Theory and Practice.	Luca Viganò 0001
Labelled Tableaux for Distributed Temporal Logic.	Luca Viganò 0001
Labelled natural deduction for a bundled branching temporal logic.	Luca Viganò 0001
Lack of controllability of the heat equation with memory.	Luciano Pandolfi
Lack of controllability of thermal systems with memory	Luciano Pandolfi
Lag-Specific Transfer Entropy as a Tool to Assess Cardiovascular and Cardiorespiratory Information Transfer.	Luca Faes
Lagrangian Bounds and a Heuristic for the Two-Stage Capacitated Facility Location Problem.	Edith Lucero Ozuna Espinosa
Lagrangian Duality in 3D SLAM: Verification Techniques and Optimal Solutions.	Luca Carlone
Lagrangian heuristics for the Quadratic Knapsack Problem.	Abilio Lucena
Laguerre matrix polynomial series expansion: Theory and computer applications.	Lucas Jódar
Lambda Calculus and Intuitionistic Linear Logic.	Luca Roversi
Land Use and Land Cover Mapping in the Brazilian Amazon Using Polarimetric Airborne P-Band SAR Data.	Luciana de Souza Soler
Land Use and Land Cover Mapping in the Brazilian Amazon Using Polarimetric Airborne P-Band SAR Data.	Luciano Vieira Dutra
Land-surface segmentation as a method to create strata for spatial sampling and its potential for digital soil mapping.	Lucian Dragut
Landauer Bound for Analog Computing Systems.	Luca Gammaitoni
Landsat ETM+ and SAR image fusion based on generalized intensity Modulation.	Luciano Alparone
Langages Algebriques, Paires Iterantes et Transductions Rationnelles.	Luc Boasson
Langages Algébriques Déterministes Non Générateurs.	Luc Boasson
Langages de Parenthèses, Langages N.T.S. et Homomorphismes Inverses.	Luc Boasson
Language and social autopoiesis.	Lucas D. Introna
Language and the Development of Cognitive Control.	Lucy Cragg
Language and variety verification on broadcast news for Portuguese.	Jean-Luc Rouas
Language definitions as rewrite theories.	Dorel Lucanu
Language networks: Their structure, function, and evolution.	Luc Steels
Language, Network Centrality, and Response to Crisis in On-line Life: A Case Study in the Italian Cyberpunk Computer Conference.	Luciano Paccagnella
Languages Obtained from Infinite Words.	Lucian Ilie
Languages albébriques dominés par des langages unaires	Luc Boasson
Languages and Tools for Hybrid Systems Design.	Luca P. Carloni
Large Deviations for the Weighted Height of an Extended Class of Trees.	Luc Devroye
Large Deviations of the Interference in a Wireless Communication Model.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Large Peg-Army Maneuvers.	Luciano Gualà
Large Scale In Silico Screening on Grid Infrastructures	Luciano Milanesi
Large System Analysis of Base Station Cooperation for Power Minimization.	Luca Sanguinetti
Large System Analysis of Base Station Cooperation for Power Minimization.	Luca Sanguinetti
Large System Analysis of the Energy Consumption Distribution in Multi-User MIMO Systems With Mobility.	Luca Sanguinetti
Large System Analysis of the Energy Consumption Distribution in Multi-User MIMO Systems with Mobility.	Luca Sanguinetti
Large deviations of the interference in the Ginibre network model	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Large scale brain activations predict reasoning profiles.	Luca L. Bonatti
Large vocabulary speech recognition using subword units.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Large-Scale Information Extraction from Textual Definitions through Deep Syntactic and Semantic Analysis.	Luca Telesca
Large-Scale Overlays and Trends: Visually Mining, Panning and Zoomingthe Observable Universe.	Timothy Basil Luciani
Large-Scale, High-Resolution Data Acquisition System for Extracellular Recording of Electrophysiological Activity.	Luca Berdondini
Large-Scale, Less-than-Truckload Service Network Design.	Lucas C. Neubert
Large-Signal Model for the Stability Analysis of Matrix Converters.	Luca Zarri
Large-scale brain networks account for sustained and transient activity during target detection.	Gian Luca Romani
Large-scale mapping in complex field scenarios using an autonomous car.	Lucas de Paula Veronese
Larger is twistier: Spectral analysis of gyrification (SPANGY) applied to adult brain size polymorphism.	Lucie Hertz-Pannier
Last-Meter Smart Grid Embedded in an Internet-of-Things Platform.	Luca Niccolini
Latency-constrained aggregation in sensor networks.	Luca Becchetti
Latent Factor Analysis to Discover Pathway-Associated Putative Segmental Aneuploidies in Human Cancers.	Joseph E. Lucas
Latent Semantic Social Graph Model for Expert Discovery in Facebook.	Ernesto William De Luca
Latent class models for financial data analysis: some statistical developments.	Luca De Angelis
Later: Managing Temporal Information Efficiently.	Luca Console
Law of large numbers for the SIR epidemic on a random graph with given degrees.	Malwina J. Luczak
Law of the Cloud v Law of the Land: Challenges and Opportunities for Innovation.	Luca Belli
Layered Adaptive Importance Sampling.	Luca Martino
Layout-driven memory synthesis for embedded systems-on-chip.	Luca Macchiarulo
Layout-driven memory synthesis for embedded systems-on-chip.	Luca Benini
Lazy Algorithms for Exact Real Arithmetic.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Lazy Explanation-Based Approximation for Probabilistic Logic Programming.	Luc De Raedt
Lazy Logical Semantics.	Luca Paolini
Lazy Rewriting and Context-Sensitive Rewriting.	Salvador Lucas
Lazy Strong Normalization.	Luca Paolini
Lazy transition systems and asynchronous circuit synthesis withrelative timing assumptions.	Luciano Lavagno
Ldms: A linguistic data management system.	Luciano F. Farina
Le Cylindre des Langages Linéaires.	Luc Boasson
Le retour des idéogrammes Unicode CJC vu du Japon.	Nadine Lucas
Leader-follower formation control of nonholonomic mobile robots with input constraints.	Luca Consolini
Leakage Power Analysis Attacks: A Novel Class of Attacks to Nanometer Cryptographic Circuits.	Luca Giancane
Leakage Squeezing of Order Two.	Jean-Luc Danger
Leakage squeezing: Optimal implementation and security evaluation.	Jean-Luc Danger
Leakage-Delay Tradeoff in FinFET Logic Circuits: A Comparative Analysis With Bulk Technology.	Luca Selmi
Lean and mean: network coding for commercial devices.	Daniel E. Lucani
Learning Anticipation via Spiking Networks: Application to Navigation Control.	Luca Patané
Learning Bayesian Network Structure Using a MultiExpert Approach.	Luca Greco 0001
Learning Bayesian networks for clinical time series analysis.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Learning Classifier Systems.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Learning Deterministic Finite Automata with a Smart State Labeling Evolutionary Algorithm.	Simon M. Lucas
Learning Equilibria with Partial Information in Decentralized Wireless Networks	Luca Rose
Learning Finite-State Transducers: Evolution Versus Heuristic State Merging.	Simon M. Lucas
Learning From Crowds.	Luca Bogoni
Learning From Summaries: Supporting e-Learning Activities by Means of Document Summarization.	Luca Cagliero
Learning Generative Models for Multi-Activity Body Pose Estimation.	Luc J. Van Gool
Learning Hardware-Friendly Classifiers Through Algorithmic Stability.	Luca Oneto
Learning Relational Navigation Policies.	Luc De Raedt
Learning Resource-Aware Classifiers for Mobile Devices: From Regularization to Energy Efficiency.	Luca Oneto
Learning Software Engineering at a Distance.	Lucia Rapanotti
Learning Structural Kernels for Natural Language Processing.	Lucia Specia
Learning Structural Kernels for Natural Language Processing.	Lucia Specia
Learning Structured Models for Segmentation of 2-D and 3-D Imagery.	Aurélien Lucchi
Learning Styles and Emotion Recognition in a Fuzzy Expert System.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Learning Temporal Alignment Uncertainty for Efficient Event Detection.	Simon Lucey
Learning Temporal Logical Properties Discriminating ECG models of Cardiac Arrhytmias.	Luca Bortolussi
Learning Users' Interests by Quality Classification in Market-Based Recommender Systems.	Luc Moreau
Learning about knowledge: A complex network approach	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Learning and Designing Stochastic Processes from Logical Constraints.	Luca Bortolussi
Learning based brain emotional intelligence as a new aspect for development of an alarm system.	Caro Lucas
Learning classifier systems from a reinforcement learning perspective.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Learning classifier systems: New models, successful applications.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Learning classifier systems: then and now.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Learning computationally efficient dictionaries and their implementation as fast transforms.	Luc Le Magoarou
Learning control in spatial coordinates for the path-following of autonomous vehicles.	Luca Consolini
Learning detectors quickly using structured covariance matrices.	Simon Lucey
Learning equilibria with partial information in decentralized wireless networks.	Luca Rose
Learning expectation in insects: A recurrent spiking neural model for spatio-temporal representation.	Luca Patané
Learning feed-forward one-shot learners.	Luca Bertinetto
Learning for Sustainability Transition through Bounded Socio-technical Experiments in Personal Mobility.	Luca Berchicci
Learning from Gaming: Teachers' and Students' Perceptions.	Margarida Lucas
Learning in multi-agent systems.	Michael Luck
Learning layered ranking functions with structured support vector machines.	Luc Boullart
Learning of Active Object Detection in Mobile Robots.	Lucas Paletta
Learning the Condition of Satisfaction of an Elementary Behavior in Dynamic Field Theory.	Matthew D. Luciw
Learning the Form of Causal Relationships Using Hierarchical Bayesian Models.	Christopher G. Lucas
Learning the Morphological Diversity.	Jean-Luc Starck
Learning the demand function in a repeated Cournot oligopoly game.	Lucia Sbragia
Learning through Hand- or Typewriting Influences Visual Recognition of New Graphic Shapes: Behavioral and Functional Imaging Evidence.	Jean-Luc Velay
Learning through Hand- or Typewriting Influences Visual Recognition of New Graphic Shapes: Behavioral and Functional Imaging Evidence.	Jean-Luc Anton
Learning to Drive in the Open Racing Car Simulator Using Online Neuroevolution.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Learning to Predict Sequences of Human Visual Fixations.	Luc Van Gool
Learning-Based Compressive Subsampling.	Luca Baldassarre
Learning-based Compressive Subsampling.	Luca Baldassarre
Least Recently Used caches under the Shot Noise Model.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Least Squares Time-Series Synchronization in Image Acquisition Systems.	Luca Calzoletti
Left/Right Hand Segmentation in Egocentric Videos.	Lucio Marcenaro
Legacy Real-Time Applications in a Reservation-Based System.	Luca Abeni
Legitimate punishment, feedback, and the enforcement of cooperation.	Luca Zarri
Leistungsvergleich von TCP/IP und XTP im BERKOM Breitband-ISDN Testnetz.	Thomas Luckenbach
Length Sensing and Control in the Virgo Gravitational Wave Interferometer.	Luca Gammaitoni
Lessons for Software Development Ecosystems: South Korea's e-Government Open Source Initiative.	Sojung Lucia Kim
Lessons from an Ad hoc Network Test-Bed: Middleware and Routing Issues.	Luciana Pelusi
Lessons from an Optical Illusion - On Nature and Nurture, Knowledge and Values, Edward M. Hundert (Ed.), Harvard University Press, Harvard 1995, pp 258, ISBN 0-674-52540-X.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Lessons learned implementing a science gateway for hydro-meteorological research.	Luca Roverelli
Letter from the Guest Editors.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter from the President.	Luca Aceto
Letter soft-decision decoding of linear block codes as optimization problem.	Rainer Lucas
Letter to the Editor.	James M. Lucas
Letter: Further Results on the Computation of the Outage Probability in Mobile Radio Systems.	Luciano Tomba
Levels of abstraction and the Turing test.	Luciano Floridi
Leveraging Cross-Domain Social Media Analytics to Understand TV Topics Popularity.	Luca Vignaroli
Leveraging Local Intracore Information to Increase Global Performance in Block-Based Design of Systems-on-Chip.	Luca P. Carloni
Leveraging Multiscale Hessian-Based Enhancement With a Novel Exudate Inpainting Technique for Retinal Vessel Segmentation.	Lucia Ballerini
Leveraging Technology to Promote Assessment for Learning in Higher Education.	Christopher DeLuca
Leveraging a predictive model of the workload for intelligent slot allocation schemes in energy-efficient HPC clusters.	Luciano Sánchez
Leveraging adaptive modulation with multi-hop routing in elastic optical networks.	Lucas Rodrigues Costa
Leveraging information security and computational trust for cybersecurity.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Leveraging machine learning and information retrieval techniques in software evolution tasks: summary of the first MALIR-SE workshop, at ASE 2013.	Lucia
LexiRes RDF/OWL Editor: Maintaining Multilingual Resources.	Ernesto William De Luca
Lexical Categories at the Edge of the Word.	Luca Onnis
Lexical access to large vocabularies for speech recognition.	Luciano Fissore
Lexical speaker identification in TV shows.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Lexicalized Non-Local MCTAG with Dominance Links is NP-Complete.	Lucas Champollion
Lie symmetries for Lie systems: Applications to systems of ODEs and PDEs.	Javier de Lucas
Life-long increase of substantia nigra hyperechogenicity in transcranial sonography.	Lucas Wessel
Lifting non-finite axiomatizability results to extensions of process algebras.	Luca Aceto
Ligand-based and structure-based design of novel histone demethylase inhibitors.	Luca Carlino
Light Affine Logic (Proof Nets, Programming Notation, P-Time Correctness and Completeness)	Luca Roversi
Light Affine Logic as a Programming Language: A First Contribution.	Luca Roversi
Light combinators for finite fields arithmetic.	Luca Roversi
Lightly supervised and unsupervised acoustic model training.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Lightning Fast and Space Efficient Inequality Joins.	William Lucia
Lightweight emulation to study peer-to-peer systems.	Lucas Nussbaum
Lightweight implementation of No-Reference (NR) perceptual quality assessment of H.264/AVC compression.	Lucjan Janowski
Lightweight testbed for evaluating worm containment systems.	Lucas Vespa
Lightweight tourism recommendation.	Joel Pinho Lucas
Likelihood Methods for Point Processes with Refractoriness.	Luca Citi
Likelihood Ratio Method and Algorithmic Differentiation: Fast Second Order Greeks.	Luca Capriotti
Likelihood-based inference for asymmetric stochastic volatility models.	G. De Luca
Limit Laws for Local Counters in Random Binary Search Tree.	Luc Devroye
Limit Laws for Sums of Functions of Subtrees of Random Binary Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
Limit Properties of Doubly Quiescent m-Asynchronous Elementary Cellular Automata.	Luca Manzoni
Limit Set Dichotomy and Convergence of Cooperative Piecewise Linear Neural Networks.	Luca Pancioni
Limit Set Dichotomy and Convergence of semiflows Defined by Cooperative Standard CNNs.	Luca Pancioni
Limit Set Dichotomy and Multistability for a Class of Cooperative Neural Networks With Delays.	Luca Pancioni
Limit cycles in piecewise-affine gene network models with multiple interaction loops.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Limit measures of inhomogeneous discrete-time quantum walks in one dimension.	Tomasz Luczak
Limitations of the ARMA w-slice method using a linear combination of higher-order cumulants.	Jean-Luc Vuattoux
Limits of Efficiency in Sequential Auctions.	Brendan Lucier
Limits of Metabelian Groups.	Luc Guyot
Line-Tension Model for Plasticity as the Gamma-Limit of a Nonlinear Dislocation Energy.	Lucia Scardia
Lineage grammars: describing, simulating and analyzing population dynamics.	Luca Cardelli
Linear Algorithms for Preemptive Scheduling of Multiprocessor Tasks Subject to Minimal Lateness.	Lucio Bianco
Linear Equalization for Multicode MC-CDMA Downlink Channels.	Luca Rugini
Linear LMI-based external anti-windup augmentation for stable linear systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Linear Operator Inequality and Null Controllability with Vanishing Energy for Unbounded Control Systems.	Luciano Pandolfi
Linear Permanent Magnet Oscillatory Machine: Comprehensive Modeling for Transients With Validation by Experiments.	Lucian N. Tutelea
Linear Sorting with O(log n) Processors.	Luc Devroye
Linear Sum Assignment with Edition.	Luc Brun
Linear Transceiver Design for Downlink Multiuser MIMO Systems: Downlink-Interference Duality Approach.	Luc Vandendorpe
Linear Types Can Change the Blockchain.	Lucius Gregory Meredith
Linear and Branching System Metrics.	Luca de Alfaro
Linear and DF joint detectors for DS-CDMA communications using periodic long codes.	Luc Vandendorpe
Linear codes on posets with extension property	Luciano Vianna Felix
Linear codes on posets with extension property.	Luciano Vianna Felix
Linear discrete-time global and regional anti-windup: an LMI approach.	Luca Zaccarian
Linear discriminant analysis with a generalization of the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse.	Maciej Luczak
Linear forwarders.	Lucian Wischik
Linear lambda calculus with explicit substitutions as proof-search in Deep Inference	Luca Roversi
Linear programming approach to constrained feedback control.	Luca Benvenuti
Linear programming for hazard elimination in asynchronous circuits.	Luciano Lavagno
Linear programming insights into solvable cases of the quadratic assignment problem.	Lucas Waddell
Linear scale-space.	Luc Florack
Linear scaling first-principles molecular dynamics with controlled accuracy.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
Linear segmentation of discrete curves into blurred segments.	Jean-Luc Remy
Linear time-variant processing of higher-order almost-periodically correlated time-series.	Luciano Izzo
Linear time-variant transformations of generalized almost-cyclostationary signals .I. Theory and method.	Luciano Izzo
Linear time-variant transformations of generalized almost-cyclostationary signals.II. Development and applications.	Luciano Izzo
Linear-time Outlier Detection via Sensitivity.	Mario Lucic
LinearOperator - A generic, high-level expression syntax for linear algebra.	Luca Heltai
Linguistic cost-sensitive learning of genetic fuzzy classifiers for imprecise data.	Luciano Sánchez
Linguistique évolutionnaire et vie artificielle.	Luc Steels
Link Resource Adaptation for Multiantenna Bit-Interleaved Coded Multicarrier Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Link analysis for Web spam detection.	Luca Becchetti
Link creation and profile alignment in the aNobii social network	Luca Maria Aiello
Linking Users' Subjective QoE Evaluation to Signal Strength in an IEEE 802.11b/g Wireless LAN Environment.	Luc Martens
Linking Visual Attention and Number Processing in the Brain: The Role of the Temporo-parietal Junction in Small and Large Symbolic and Nonsymbolic Number Comparison.	Lucia van Eimeren
Linux PREEMPT-RT v2.6.33 versus v3.6.6: better or worse for real-time applications?	Luc Perneel
Linux-Based Data Acquisition and Processing on Palmtop Computer.	Luca Benini
Lip Tracking Towards an Automatic Lip Reading Approach.	Luca Lombardi
Lipschitz functions and fuzzy number approximations.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Liquid Crystal Polymer for QFN packaging: Predicted thermo-mechanical fatigue and Design for Reliability.	Jean-Luc Diot
List Decoding Using the XOR Lemma	Luca Trevisan
List of Reviewers.	A. A. De Luca
List-Mode Likelihood EM Algorithm and Noise Estimation Demonstrated on 2D-PET.	Lucas C. Parra
Listening to Tags: Uplink RFID Measurements With an Open-Source Software-Defined Radio Tool.	Luciano Tarricone
Literature Retrieval and Mining in Bioinformatics: State of the Art and Challenges.	Luciano Milanesi
Living with numbers: Accounting for subjectivity in/with management accounting systems.	Lucas D. Introna
Living with robots: Interactive environmental knowledge acquisition.	Luca Iocchi
Load Balancing for Parallel Query Execution on NUMA Multiprocessors.	Luc Bouganim
Load Indices on Heterogeneous Systems- Past, Present and Future.	Kalinka Regina Lucas Jaquie Castelo Branco
Load balancing techniques for lifetime maximizing in wireless sensor networks.	André-Luc Beylot
Load-Adaptive Control Algorithm of Half-Bridge Series Resonant Inverter for Domestic Induction Heating.	Oscar Lucía
Loafing in the digital age: The role of computer mediated communication in the relation between perceived loafing and group affective outcomes.	Lucas Monzani
Local CSI Based Selection Beamforming for Amplify-and-Forward MIMO Relay Networks.	Luc Vandendorpe
Local Dimension of Complex Networks	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Local Exponential Methods: a domain decomposition approach to exponential time integration of PDEs.	Luca Bonaventura
Local Flux Reconstructions for Standard Finite Element Methods on Triangular Meshes.	Robert Luce
Local Instability Problem of Image Segmentation Algorithms: Systematic Study and an Ensemble-Based Solution.	Lucas Franek
Local ML detection for multicarrier DS-CDMA downlink systems with grouped linear precoding.	Luca Rugini
Local MRI analysis approach in the diagnosis of early and prodromal Alzheimer's disease.	Luca Rei
Local Mass Conservation of Stokes Finite Elements.	Lucia Gastaldi
Local Possibilistic Logic.	Luca Boldrin
Local Rademacher Complexity: Sharper risk bounds with and without unlabeled samples.	Luca Oneto
Local Ranking Problem on the BrowseGraph.	Luca Maria Aiello
Local Reasoning and Knowledge Compilation for Efficient Temporal Abduction.	Luca Console
Local Scale Exponents of Blood Pressure and Heart Rate Variability by Detrended Fluctuation Analysis: Effects of Posture, Exercise, and Aging.	Luc Quintin
Local State Refinement and Composition of Elementary Net Systems: An Approach Based on Morphisms.	Luca Bernardinello
Local State Refinement and Composition of Elementary Net Systems: An Approach Based on Morphisms.	Lucia Pomello
Local descriptors for soybean disease recognition.	Rillian Diello Lucas Pires
Local discrete velocity grids for deterministic rarefied flow simulations.	Luc Mieussens
Local iterative DLT soft-computing vs. interval-valued stereo calibration and triangulation with uncertainty bounding in 3D reconstruction.	Luciano Sánchez
Local landmark-based registration for fMRI group studies of nonprimary auditory cortex.	Lucas Spierer
Local overlaps in special unfoldings of convex polyhedra.	Brendan Lucier
Local search and pseudoinversion: an hybrid approach to neural network training.	Luca Rubini
Local sleep spindle modulations in relation to specific memory cues.	Lucia M. Talamini
Local sparsity and recovery of fusion frames structured signals.	Jean-Luc Bouchot
Local versus Global Lessons for Defect Prediction and Effort Estimation.	Lucas Layman
Locality from Circuit Lower Bounds.	Luc Segoufin
Locality from Circuit Lower Bounds.	Luc Segoufin
Locality-Based Network Creation Games.	Luciano Gualà
Locality-based Network Creation Games.	Luciano Gualà
Localization of a UUV within Structures Using Range Data and World Modelling Techniques.	J. Lucas
Localization of self-generated synthetic footstep sounds on different walked-upon materials through headphones.	Luca Turchet
Localization results for the Bernstein max-product operator.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Localized User Interface for Improving Cell phone Users' Device Competency.	Lucia D. Krisnawati
Localizing complex neural circuits with MEG data.	Gian Luca Romani
Localizing complex neural circuits with MEG data.	Luca Ciancetta
Locally Adapted Tetrahedral Meshes Using Bisection.	Luc Pouly
Locally enhancing fractal descriptors by using the non-additive entropy.	Lucas Assirati
Locally monotone Boolean and pseudo-Boolean functions	Jean-Luc Marichal
Locally monotone Boolean and pseudo-Boolean functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Locally refined discrete velocity grids for stationary rarefied flow simulations.	Luc Mieussens
Locally trivial t-designs and t-designs without repeated blocks.	Luc Teirlinck
Located Accountabilities in Technology Production.	Lucy A. Suchman
Locating Errors Using ELAs, Covering Arrays, and Adaptive Testing Algorithms.	Lucia Moura
Locating coalescing singular values of large two-parameter matrices.	Luca Dieci
Locating modifications in signed data for partial data integrity.	Lucia Moura
Locating sensors to observe network arc flows: Exact and heuristic approaches.	Lucio Bianco
Location privacy without mutual trust: The spatial Bloom filter.	Luca Calderoni
Location, Location, Location: Data-Intensive Distributed Computing in the Cloud.	Michael Luckeneder
Location-aware Mobile Services for a Smart City: Design, Implementation and Deployment.	Luca Calderoni
Log-Gain stoichiometric Stepwise Regression for MP Systems.	Luca Marchetti
Log-map analysis.	Luca Lombardi
Logic Design for Printability Using OPC Methods.	Kevin Lucas
Logic Tensor Networks: Deep Learning and Logical Reasoning from Data and Knowledge.	Luciano Serafini
Logic as a distributive law.	Lucius Gregory Meredith
Logic engineering in medicine.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Logical Bell Inequalities	Lucien Hardy
Logical Hidden Markov Models	Luc De Raedt
Logical Hidden Markov Models.	Luc De Raedt
Logical Semantics for Stability.	Luca Paolini
Logical Settings for Concept-Learning.	Luc De Raedt
Logical fallacies as informational shortcuts.	Luciano Floridi
Logical foundations for more expressive declarative temporal logic programming languages.	Paqui Lucio
Logical reasoning in natural language: It is all about knowledge.	Lucja Iwanska
Logics For Artificial Intelligence.	Luciano Serafini
Logics in access control: a conditional approach.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Logistic regression and artificial neural network classification models: a methodology review.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Logistics capacity planning: A stochastic bin packing formulation and a progressive hedging meta-heuristic.	Luca Gobbato
Long Chains or Stable Communities? The Role of Emotional Stability in Twitter Conversations.	Luca Rossi 0003
Long Lived Transaction Processing for Business Processes and Scientific Workflows.	Luciano V. Araújo
Long cycles and paths in distance graphs.	Lucia Draque Penso
Long-range functional interactions of anterior insula and medial frontal cortex are differently modulated by visuospatial and inductive reasoning tasks.	Gian Luca Romani
Long-term Retention in E-Voting - Legal Requirements and Technical Implementation.	Lucie Langer
Long-term heart rate variability as a predictor of patient age.	Luca T. Mainardi
Long-term heart rate variability as a predictor of patient age.	Luca Cravello
Long-time uncertainty propagation using generalized polynomial chaos and flow map composition.	Dirk M. Luchtenburg
Longitudinal change detection in diffusion MRI using multivariate statistical testing on tensors.	Lucien Rumbach
Longitudinal reproducibility of default-mode network connectivity in healthy elderly participants: A multicentric resting-state fMRI study.	Luca Roccatagliata
Look but don't touch: Visual cues to surface structure drive somatosensory cortex.	Massimiliano Di Luca
Looking Back, Looking Forward: 55 Years of Human Factors.	Patricia R. DeLucia
Loop detection of mobile robots using interval analysis.	Luc Jaulin
Loosely coupled level sets for simultaneous 3D retinal layer segmentation in optical coherence tomography.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Lorenz comparisons of nine rules for the adjudication of conflicting claims.	Luc Lauwers
Lossless Compression of Hyperspectral Images Using Multiband Lookup Tables.	Luciano Alparone
Lossless compression of multi/hyper-spectral imagery based on a 3-D fuzzy prediction.	Luciano Alparone
Lossless image compression by quantization feedback in a content-driven enhanced Laplacian pyramid.	Luciano Alparone
LotusNet: Tunable privacy for distributed online social network services.	Luca Maria Aiello
Loupe: Verifying Publish-Subscribe Architectures with a Magnifying Lens.	Luca Mottola
Loupe: Verifying Publish-Subscribe Architectures with a Magnifying Lens.	Luciano Baresi
Love Acoustic Wave-Based Devices and Molecularly-Imprinted Polymers as Versatile Sensors for Electronic Nose or Tongue for Cancer Monitoring.	Jean-Luc Lachaud
Low Complexity Normal Elements over Finite Fields of Characteristic Two.	Lucia Moura
Low Voltage Fault Attacks to AES and RSA on General Purpose Processors.	Luca Breveglieri
Low frequency fluctuations reveal integrated and segregated processing among the cerebral hemispheres.	Lucina Q. Uddin
Low-Complexity Banded Equalizers for OFDM Systems in Doppler Spread Channels.	Luca Rugini
Low-Complexity Block Turbo Equalization for OFDM Systems in Time-Varying Channels.	Luca Rugini
Low-Complexity Hierarchical Mode Decision Algorithms Targeting VLSI Architecture Design for the H.264/AVC Video Encoder.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Low-Complexity Link Microarchitecture for Mesochronous Communication in Networks-on-Chip.	Luca Fanucci
Low-Cost Scene Modeling using a Density Function Improves Segmentation Performance.	Luc J. Van Gool
Low-Power Heterogeneous Systems-on-Chips.	Jean-Luc Nagel
Low-complexity FFT/IFFT IP hardware macrocells for OFDM and MIMO-OFDM CMOS transceivers.	Luca Fanucci
Low-complexity ICA based blind multiple-input multiple-output OFDM receivers.	Luciano Sarperi
Low-complexity compression of multispectral images based on classified transform coding.	Luca Cicala
Low-cost wafer bumping.	Luc Bélanger
Low-cost wafer bumping.	Jean-Luc Landreville
Low-discrepancy sequences for piecewise smooth functions on the two-dimensional torus.	Luca Brandolini
Low-order dPG-FEM for an elliptic PDE.	Lucy Weggler
Low-power DSP system for real-time correction of fish-eye cameras in automotive driver assistance applications.	Luca Fanucci
Low-power processor architecture exploration for online biomedical signal analysis.	Luca Benini
Low-rank update of preconditioners for the inexact Newton method with SPD Jacobian.	Luca Bergamaschi
Low-rank update of preconditioners for the nonlinear Richards equation.	Luca Bergamaschi
LowMACA: exploiting protein family analysis for the identification of rare driver mutations in cancer.	Luca Zammataro
Lower Bound on the Capacity of Continuous-Time Wiener Phase Noise Channels.	Luca Barletta
Lower Bounds for Bayes Error Estimation.	Luc Devroye
Lower Bounds for Linear Locally Decodable Codes and Private Information Retrieval	Luca Trevisan
Lower Bounds for Testing Bipartiteness in Dense Graphs	Luca Trevisan
Lower Bounds for Transversal Covers.	Lucia Moura
Lower Bounds for the Minimal Sum Coloring Problem.	Corinne Lucet
Lower Bounds on the Capacity of the Relay Channel with States at the Source.	Luc Vandendorpe
Lower Bounds on the Efficiency of Generic Cryptographic Constructions	Luca Trevisan
Lower Bounds on the Efficiency of Generic Cryptographic Constructions.	Luca Trevisan
Lower VDD Operation of FPGA-Based Digital Circuits Through Delay Modeling and Time Borrowing.	Lucía Costas
Lower and upper bounds for the degree-constrained minimum spanning tree problem.	Abilio Lucena
Lower bounds and exact algorithms for the quadratic minimum spanning tree problem.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
Lower bounds for large traveling umpire instances: New valid inequalities and a branch-and-cut algorithm.	Lucas de Oliveira
Lower bounds for linear locally decodable codes and private information retrieval.	Luca Trevisan
Lower bounds for stability margin of n-dimensional discrete systems.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Lower bounds in pattern recognition and learning.	Luc Devroye
Lower bounds on the rotation distance of binary trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
Luce's choice axiom.	Duncan Luce
Lumped thermal model for switched reluctance motor applied to mechanical design optimization.	Caro Lucas
Lumping and reversed processes in cooperating automata.	Gian-Luca Dei Rossi
Lyapunov Exponents of Systems Evolving on Quadratic Groups.	Luciano Lopez
Lyapunov Exponents of Systems Evolving on Quadratic Groups.	Luca Dieci
Lyapunov Exponents versus Expansivity and Sensitivity in Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Lyapunov Matrix Equation in System Stability and Control (Zoran Gajic and Muhammad Tahir Javed Qureshi).	Lucas Jódar
Lyapunov Method and Convergence of the Full-Range Model of CNNs.	Luca Pancioni
Lyapunov Spectral Intervals: Theory and Computation.	Luca Dieci
Lyapunov-Based Sufficient Conditions for Exponential Stability in Hybrid Systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Lyapunov-based hybrid loops for stability and performance of continuous-time control systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Lyapunov-type numbers and torus breakdown: numerical aspects and a case study.	Luca Dieci
M-Estimators of Roughness and Scale for A 0-Modelled SAR Imagery.	María Magdalena Lucini
M. J. Wooldridge, Reasoning about Rational Agents, Intelligent Robots and Autonomous Agents Series, Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press, 2000, xv+227 pp., $35.00 (hardcover), ISBN 0-262-23213-8.	Luca Spalazzi
M2M-based metropolitan platform for IMS-enabled road traffic management in IoT.	Luca Foschini
MAC Protocols for High-Speed MANs: Performance Comparisons for a Family of Fasnet-Based Protocols.	Luciano Lenzini
MAC protocols for wideband wireless local access: evolution toward wireless ATM.	Luciano Lenzini
MAGI: a Node.js web service for fast microRNA-Seq analysis in a GPU infrastructure.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
MAGOS: multiple alignment and modelling server.	Luc Moulinier
MAP-Based Code-Aided Hypothesis Testing.	Luc Vandendorpe
MARIA: A universal, declarative, multiple abstraction-level language for service-oriented applications in ubiquitous environments.	Lucio Davide Spano
MAS-ML: a multiagent system modelling language.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
MAX NP-Completeness Made Easy	Luca Trevisan
MCALab: Reproducible Research in Signal and Image Decomposition and Inpainting.	Jean-Luc Starck
MECCANO: a Mobile-Enabled Configuration Framework to Coordinate and Augment Networks of Smart Objects.	Luca Bergesio
MEDIUM: Realities and projects.	Jean-Luc Minel
MEME SUITE: tools for motif discovery and searching.	Luca Clementi
METAFOL: Program tactics and logic tactics plus reflection.	Luca Spalazzi
MHOMS: high-speed ACM modem for satellite applications.	Luca Giugno
MI-SBTVD: A Proposal for the Brazilian Digital Television System SBTVD.	Luciano L. Mendes
MILo-DB: a personal, secure and portable database machine.	Luc Bouganim
MIMC reliability and electrical behavior defined by a physical layer property of the dielectric.	Luc De Schepper
MIMO Closed Loop Identification of an Industrial Robot.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
MIMO DFE Equalization for Multitone DS/SS Systems over Multipath Channels.	Luc Vandendorpe
MIMO adaptive constrained predictive control case study: An environmental test chamber.	Luc Dugard
MIMO relay design for multipoint-to-multipoint communications with imperfect channel state information.	Luc Vandendorpe
MIPS X-Ray: A MARS Simulator Plug-in for Teaching Computer Architecture.	Fabio Lucio Correa-Junior
MISTRAL: A game-theoretical model to allocate security measures in a multi-modal chemical transportation network with adaptive adversaries.	Luca Talarico
ML Systems: A Proof Theory for Contexts.	Luciano Serafini
MLAS: Multiple level authentication scheme for VANETs.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
MMSE design of interpolation and downsampling FIR filters in the context of periodic nonuniform sampling.	Luc Vandendorpe
MMSE filtering of generalised signal-dependent noise in spatial and shift-invariant wavelet domains.	Luciano Alparone
MMSE scores correlate with local ventricular enlargement in the spectrum from cognitively normal to Alzheimer disease.	Luca Ferrarini
MMSE-based fractional turbo receiver for space-time BICM over frequency-selective MIMO fading channels.	Luc Vandendorpe
MMSE-based partial crosstalk cancellation for upstream VDSL.	Luc Deneire
MMsINC: a large-scale chemoinformatics database.	Luca Pireddu
MOCA: A Low-Power, Low-Cost Motion Capture System Based on Integrated Accelerometers.	Luca Benini
MOIRAE: A computational strategy to extract and represent structural information from experimental protein templates.	Luciana S. Buriol
MOLCAS 7: The Next Generation.	Luca De Vico
MOOGLE: a metamodel-based model search engine.	Daniel Lucrédio
MOPET: A context-aware and user-adaptive wearable system for fitness training.	Luca Chittaro
MOTEL: Mobility Enabled Wireless Sensor Network Testbed.	Luca Maria Gambardella
MOVING picture fractal coding using a mixed approach I.F.S. and motion.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
MOZART: a concurrent multilevel simulator.	Pier Luca Montessoro
MP Modelling of Glucose-Insulin Interactions in the Intravenous Glucose Tolerance Test.	Luca Marchetti
MPARM: Exploring the Multi-Processor SoC Design Space with SystemC.	Luca Benini
MPEG video traffic on a MetaRing network: complexity reduction of a 'worst-case' model for bandwidth allocation analysis.	Luciano Lenzini
MPEG-2 Coded Video Traces Transmitted Over a Satellite Link: Scalable and Non-Scalable Solutions in Rain Fading Conditions.	Maurizio Lucenteforte
MPEG-2 sources: exploiting source scalability for an efficient bandwidth allocation.	Maurizio Lucenteforte
MRA++: Scheduling and data placement on MapReduce for heterogeneous environments.	Luciana Bezerra Arantes
MRG: Building planers for real-world complex applications.	Luca Spalazzi
MRI-Based Multiscale Model for Electromagnetic Analysis in the Human Head with Implanted DBS.	Luca T. Mainardi
MRI/TRUS data fusion for brachytherapy	Jean-Luc Descotes
MRI/TRUS data fusion for prostate brachytherapy. Preliminary results	Jean-Luc Descotes
MRSG - A MapReduce simulator over SimGrid.	Luciana Arantes
MS-DFA: Multiple-Stride Pattern Matching for Scalable Deep Packet Inspection.	Lucas Vespa
MSF: An Efficient Mobile Phone Sensing Framework.	Luca Foschini
MSV3d: database of human MisSense variants mapped to 3D protein structure.	Luc Moulinier
MT-AMP: A Model Transformation for Embedded Software.	Luciane Telinski Wiedermann Agner
MU-MIMO channel adapted precoding for MAI/ISI-free uplink burst transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
MUSE: An Environment for the Conception of Java Multimedia Applications.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
MUSTER: Adaptive Energy-Aware Multisink Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Mottola
MWI-Sum: A Multilingual Summarizer Based on Frequent Weighted Itemsets.	Luca Cagliero
MaHCO: an ontology of the major histocompatibility complex for immunoinformatic applications and text mining.	David S. DeLuca
Machine Vision/GPS Integration Using EKF for the UAV Aerial Refueling Problem.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Machine learning models, epistemic set-valued data and generalized loss functions: An encompassing approach.	Luciano Sánchez
Machine translation evaluation versus quality estimation.	Lucia Specia
Machines of Systems Biology.	Luca Cardelli
Macroscopic Fluid Models with Localized Kinetic Upscaling Effects.	Luc Mieussens
Madeleine II: a portable and efficient communication library for high-performance cluster computing.	Luc Bougé
Magnetic resonance enterography changes after antibody to tumor necrosis factor (anti-TNF) alpha therapy in Crohn's disease: correlation with SES-CD and clinical-biological markers.	Luca Macarini
Magnetic resonance enterography changes after antibody to tumor necrosis factor (anti-TNF) alpha therapy in Crohn's disease: correlation with SES-CD and clinical-biological markers.	Luca Pio Stoppino
Magnetic resonance image denoising using nonlocal maximum likelihood paradigm in DCT-framework.	Luca Saba
Magnetic resonance imaging of penile paraffinoma: case report.	Luca Macarini
Magnifying Lens Abstraction for Stochastic Games with Discounted and Long-run Average Objectives	Luca de Alfaro
Magnitude Vector Fitting to interval data.	Luc Knockaert
Maharadja: A System for the Real Time Simulation of RBF with the Mahalanobis Distance.	Luc Gaborit
Main-path analysis and path-dependent transitions in HistCite(TM)-based historiograms	Diana Lucio-Arias
Main-path analysis and path-dependent transitions in HistCiteTM-based historiograms.	Diana Lucio-Arias
Maintaining Hard Disk Integrity With Digital Legal Professional Privilege (LPP) Data.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Maintaining Sorted Files in a Magnetic Bubble Memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
Maintaining traceability links during object-oriented software evolution.	Andrea De Lucia
Maintenance management of railway infrastructures based on reliability analysis.	Luca Fumagalli
Maintenance resources optimization applied to a manufacturing system.	Kátia Lucchesi Cavalca
Major Computer Science Challenges At Exascale.	Robert Lucas
Majority-Inverter Graph: A New Paradigm for Logic Optimization.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
Making Work Visible.	Lucy A. Suchman
Making it personal: translational bioinformatics.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Making puzzles green and useful for adaptive identity management in large-scale distributed systems.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Making schools different - Edited by Kitty te Riele.	Lucy R. Betts
Making use of associative classifiers in order to alleviate typical drawbacks in recommender systems.	Joel Pinho Lucas
Making virtual walking real: Perceptual evaluation of a new treadmill control algorithm.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Mammographic Image Denoising and Enhancement Using the Anscombe Transformation, Adaptive Wiener Filtering, and the Modulation Transfer Function.	Lucas R. Borges
Management and analysis of unstructured construction data types.	Lucio Soibelman
Managing Dynamic User Communities in a Grid of Autonomous Resources	Luca dell'Agnello
Managing Intellectual Property in a Music Fruition Environment.	Luca A. Ludovico
Managing Layer 1 VPN services.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
Managing Organizational Risk Knowledge.	Luciana Landa Farias
Managing Organizational Risk Knowledge.	Luciana Landa Farias
Managing Uncertainties in Image Databases: A Fuzzy Approach.	Lucio Sansone
Managing coherent groups.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Managing coordination and cooperation in distributed software processes: the GENESIS environment.	Andrea De Lucia
Managing expectations: assessment of chemistry databases generated by automated extraction of chemical structures from patents.	Luca Bartek
Managing health care under resource constraints.	Luc Delesie
Managing large progressive meshes.	Volker Luckas
Managing proposals and evaluations of updates to medical knowledge: Theory and applications.	Luca Anselma
Managing the Next Wave of Information and Communications Technologies: A Report on NOMS 2012.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Managing uncertainty in integrated environmental modelling: The UncertWeb framework.	Lucy Bastin
Manganese enhanced MRI in rat hippocampus: A correlative study with synchrotron X-ray microprobe.	Emmanuel Luc Barbier
Manifold Next Event Estimation.	Luca Fascione
Manipulating Trees with Hidden Labels.	Luca Cardelli
Manipulating letter fluency for words alters electrophysiological correlates of recognition memory.	Heather D. Lucas
Manipulation of the prosodic features of vocal tract length, nasality and articulatory precision using articulatory synthesis.	Lucia Martin
Manipulative Waiters with Probabilistic Intuition.	Tomasz Luczak
Manipulator Fault Diagnosis via Higher Order Sliding-Mode Observers.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
Mantis: hybrid leg-wheel ground mobile robot.	Luca E. Bruzzone
Manual dexterity correlating with right lobule VI volume in right-handed 14-year-olds.	Jean-Luc Martinot
Manufacturing High-Tech Products Subject to Rapid Obsolescence.	Luca Grosset
Many Robots Make Short Work: Report of the SRI International Mobile Robot Team.	Luc Julia
Many-core applications to online track reconstruction in HEP experiments.	D. Lucchesi
Many-core platform with NoC interconnect for low cost and energy sustainable cloud server-on-chip.	Luca Fanucci
Map Integrity Constraint Verification by using Visual Language Parsing.	Luca Paolino
Map Integrity Constraint Verification by using Visual Language Parsing.	Luca Paolino
Map algebra and model algebra for integrated model building.	Jean-Luc de Kok
MapMerge: Correlating Independent Schema Mappings.	Lucian Popa
MapMerge: correlating independent schema mappings.	Lucian Popa
Mapping invasive Fallopia japonica by combined spectral, spatial, and temporal analysis of digital orthophotos.	Arko Lucieer
Mapping natural and urban environments using airborne multi-sensor ADS40-MIVIS-LiDAR synergies.	Luca Tanteri
Marching Cubes without Skinny Triangles.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Marea: An Efficient Application-Level Object Graph Swapper.	Luc Fabresse
Mark-recapture techniques in statistical tests for imprecise data.	Luciano Sánchez
Markerless Vision-Based Augmented Reality for Urban Planning.	Luc J. Van Gool
Markerless tracking of complex human motions from multiple views.	Luc J. Van Gool
Market Equilibrium Computations in Activity Analysis Models.	Pasquale Lucio Scandizzo
Market Expert Surveillance System.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Market-Based Security for Mobile Devices.	Luca Verderame
Marketing and technology strategy in a "medium-tech" startup.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Marketplaces for Energy Demand-Side Management based on Future-Internet Technology	Javier Lucio Ruiz-Andino
Markov Logic Networks for context integration and situation assessment in maritime domain.	Gian Luca Foresti
Markov models of internet traffic and a new hierarchical MMPP model.	Luca Muscariello
Mask spoofing in face recognition and countermeasures.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Masked Interval Routing: A New Routing Scheme.	Fabrizio Luccio
Masks: Bringing Anonymity and Personalization Together.	Lucila Ishitani
Masseter segmentation using an improved watershed algorithm with unsupervised classification.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Massive non-natural proteins structure prediction using grid technologies.	Davide De Lucrezia
MatCarloRe: An integrated FT and Monte Carlo Simulink tool for the reliability assessment of dynamic fault tree.	Lucio Compagno
Matched drawability of graph pairs and of graph triples.	Luca Grilli
Matching Covered Graphs and Subdivisions ofK4and[formula].	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Matching Robot KASPAR to Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) Therapy and Educational Goals.	Luc P. de Witte
Matching Widely Separated Views Based on Affine Invariant Regions.	Luc J. Van Gool
Matching degradation of threshold voltage and gate voltage of NMOSFET after Hot Carrier Injection stress.	Jean-Luc Ogier
Matching requirements in LINC transmitters for OFDM signals.	Luca Romanò
Matching signatures and Pfaffian graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Matchings in Three Catalan Lattices.	Jean-Luc Baril
Mathematical Knowledge Management in HELM.	Luca Padovani
Mathematical Modeling and Computational Methods.	Lucas Jódar
Mathematical Programming with Stochastic Equilibrium Constraints applied to Optimal Last-mile Delivery Services.	Luce Brotcorne
Mathematical characterization of three-dimensional gene expression patterns.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Mathematical modeling and computational methods.	Lucas Jódar
Mathematical modeling of the spread of divorce in Spain.	Lucas Jódar
Mathematical models for optimizing production chain planning in salmon farming.	Abilio Lucena
Mathematical models in medicine, business and engineering 2009: Why applied mathematicians should interact with others and open ways and practices.	Lucas Jódar
Mathematical models of electrical discharges in air at atmospheric pressure: a derivation from asymptotic analysis.	Brigitte Lucquin-Desreux
Matrix converter modulation strategies: a new general approach based on space-vector representation of the switch state.	Luca Zarri
Matrix nearness-based guaranteed passive system approximation.	Luc Knockaert
Matrix-Interpolation-Based Parametric Model Order Reduction for Multiconductor Transmission Lines With Delays.	Luc Knockaert
Max Cut and the Smallest Eigenvalue	Luca Trevisan
Max Cut and the Smallest Eigenvalue.	Luca Trevisan
Max Edge Coloring of Trees	Giorgio Lucarelli
Max NP-completeness Made Easy.	Luca Trevisan
Max-Min SINR in Large-Scale Single-Cell MU-MIMO: Asymptotic Analysis and Low Complexity Transceivers.	Luca Sanguinetti
Max-Min SNR Signal Energy Based Spectrum Sensing Algorithms for Cognitive Radio Networks with Noise Variance Uncertainty.	Luc Vandendorpe
Max-min partitioning of grid graphs into connected components.	Mario Lucertini
Maxima in hypercubes.	Luc Devroye
Maximal Elements Under Reference-Dependent Preferences with Applications to Behavioral Traps and Games.	Dinh The Luc
Maximal Partial Clones Determined by Quasi-diagonal Relations.	Lucien Haddad
Maximal Structuring of Acyclic Process Models	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Maximal Structuring of Acyclic Process Models.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Maximal and Minimal Partial Clones.	Lucien Haddad
Maximal induced trees in sparse random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Maximal partial clones determined by the areflexive relations.	Lucien Haddad
Maximal repetitions in strings.	Lucian Ilie
Maximal s-Wise t-Intersecting Families of Sets: Kernels, Generating Sets, and Enumeration.	Lucia Moura
Maximizing Performance and Robustness of pi and PID controllers by Global Optimization.	Luciano Carotenuto
Maximizing number of satisfiable routing requests in static ad hoc networks.	Lucas Burson
Maximizing the Power Conversion Efficiency of Ultra-Low-Voltage CMOS Multi-Stage Rectifiers.	Lucas G. de Carli
Maximum Entropy Multivariate Analysis of Uncertain Dynamical Systems Based on the Wiener-Askey Polynomial Chaos.	Luca Rocca
Maximum Likelihood Estimation of a Structured Covariance Matrix With a Condition Number Constraint.	Luca Pallotta
Maximum Likelihood in Cost-Sensitive Learning: Model Specification, Approximations, and Upper Bounds.	Lucas C. Parra
Maximum Response Filters for Texture Analysis.	Luc Van Gool
Maximum Transfer Distance Between Partitions.	Lucile Denoeud
Maximum a posteriori estimation for multivariate Gaussian mixture observations of Markov chains.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Maximum a posteriori maximum entropy order determination.	Luc Knockaert
Maximum flow problems under special nonnegative lower bounds on arc flows.	Abilio Lucena
Maximum induced matchings close to maximum matchings.	Lucia Draque Penso
Maximum likelihood positioning in the scintillation camera using depth of interaction.	Luc Laperrière
Maximum likelihood, ESPRIT, and periodogram frequency estimation of radar signals in K-distributed clutter.	Lucio Verrazzani
Maximum principle for the multi-term time-fractional diffusion equations with the Riemann-Liouville fractional derivatives.	Yuri Luchko
Maximum satisfiability: How good are tabu search and plateau moves in the worst-case?	Luca Maria Gambardella
Maximum-Norm Estimates for an Immunology Model Using Reaction-Diffusion Equations with Stochastic Source Terms.	Timothy A. Lucas
Maximum-throughput mapping of SDFGs on multi-core SoC platforms.	Luca Benini
McOE: A Foolproof On-Line Authenticated Encryption Scheme.	Stefan Lucks
MeTA: Characterization of Medical Treatments at Different Abstraction Levels.	Luca Cagliero
Mean Square Convergent Numerical Methods for Nonlinear Random Differential Equations.	Lucas Jódar
Mean square numerical solution of random differential equations: Facts and possibilities.	Lucas Jódar
Mean square power series solution of random linear differential equations.	Lucas Jódar
Mean square solution of Bessel differential equation with uncertainties.	Lucas Jódar Sánchez
Mean-Field approximation and Quasi-Equilibrium reduction of Markov Population Models.	Luca Bortolussi
Mean-field framework for performance evaluation of push-pull gossip protocols.	Lucia Cloth
MeanField analysis for the evaluation of gossip protocols.	Lucia Cloth
Meaning Negotiation as Inference	Luca Viganò 0001
Measured impact of crooked traceroute.	Matthew J. Luckie
Measurement Fundamentals: A Pragmatic View.	Luca Mari
Measurement Platform for Electromagnetic Characterization and Performance Evaluation of UHF RFID Tags.	Luciano Tarricone
Measurement Platform for Electromagnetic Characterization and Performance Evaluation of UHF RFID Tags.	Luca Catarinucci
Measurement and characterization of the temporal behavior of fixed wireless links.	Luciano Ahumada
Measurement of brain atrophy in subcortical vascular disease: A comparison of different approaches and the impact of ischaemic lesions.	Luc Bracoud
Measurement science: constructing bridges between reality and knowledge.	Luca Mari
Measurement, Models, and Uncertainty.	Luca Mari
Measurement, Reconstruction, and Flow-Field Computation of the Human Pharynx With Application to Sleep Apnea.	Anthony D. Lucey
Measurement-Based Evaluation of Spectral Efficiencies in Outdoor-Indoor Multiuser MISO Systems in Femto-Cells.	Luciano Ahumada
Measurements and sensors for motion tracking in motor rehabilitation.	Luca De Vito
Measurements of a micro gas turbine plume and data reduction for the purpose of infrared signature modeling.	Luciano B. Magalhaes
Measurements of the Impact of 3′ End Sequences on Gene Expression Reveal Wide Range and Sequence Dependent Effects.	Lucas Carey
Measurements of the ac longitudinal resistance of a GaAs-AlGaAs quantum Hall device.	Luca Callegaro
Measuring Connectivity in Linear Multivariate Processes: Definitions, Interpretation, and Practical Analysis.	Luca Faes
Measuring Efficiency and Executability of Allocation and Scheduling in Multi-Processor Systems-on-Chip.	Luca Benini
Measuring Human-Robot Interaction Through Motor Resonance.	Luciano Fadiga
Measuring Human-Robots Interactions.	Luca Giulio Brayda
Measuring Neuronal Branching Patterns Using Model-Based Approach.	Artur Luczak
Measuring Sexual Preferences in Virtual Reality: A Pilot Study.	Luc Granger
Measuring and reducing the impact of the operating system kernel on end-to-end latencies in synchronous packet switched networks.	Luca Abeni
Measuring engagement in a classroom: Synchronised neural recordings during a video presentation.	Lucas C. Parra
Measuring frequency domain granger causality for multiple blocks of interacting time series.	Luca Faes
Measuring how the degree of content knowledge determines performance outcomes in an engineering design-based simulation environment for middle school students.	V. William DeLuca
Measuring in Virtual Reality: A Case Study in Dentistry.	Luc Renambot
Measuring of exhaust gas emissions using absorption spectroscopy.	James Lucas
Measuring the Reading Abilities of Dyslexic Children through a Visual Game.	Luca Andrea Ludovico
Measuring the Velocity of Elementary Particles - Fundamental Physics in Schools by Remote Learning.	Luciano Passamonti
Measuring the timing jitter of ATE in the frequency domain.	Luca Schiano
Measuring voting power for dependent voters through causal models.	Luc Bovens
Mechanism of falcipain-2 inhibition by α, β-unsaturated benzo[1, 4]diazepin-2-one methyl ester.	Lucio Toma
Mechanisms for SLA provisioning in cloud-based service providers.	Luca Silvestri
Mechanisms of Motor Recovery in Chronic and Subacute Stroke Patients Following a Robot-Aided Training.	Luciano Puzzolante
Mechanix: A Sketch-Based Tutoring and Grading System for Free-Body Diagrams.	George Lucchese
Mechanized metatheory for a λ-calculus with trust types.	Lucília Figueiredo
Media Sharing in a Multimedia Communication System.	Luca Delgrossi
Mediated presence: virtual reality, mixed environments and social networks.	Luciano Gamberini
Mediating debate through on-line large-scale argumentation: Evidence from the field.	Luca Iandoli
Medical Cost Trajectories and Onsets of Cancer and NonCancer Diseases in US Elderly Population.	Lucy Akushevich
Medical Image Resource Center-making electronic teaching files from PACS.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Medical Informatics and Bioinformatics: A Bibliometric Study.	Luciano Milanesi
Medical Measurements: A Need and a Challenge.	Luca De Vito
Medical image computing and computer-aided medical interventions applied to soft tissues. Work in progress in urology	Jean-Luc Descotes
Medicoeconomic Index for Photo-Induced Skin Cancers.	Luciana Neamtiu
Medium access control design for UWB communication systems: Review and trends.	Luca De Nardis
Meeting of the Association for Symbolic Logic Seattle 1973.	Miriam Lucian
Membrane Automata with Priorities.	Lucie Ciencialová
Membrane Division, Oracles, and the Counting Hierarchy.	Luca Manzoni
Memory energy minimization by data compression: algorithms, architectures and implementation.	Luca Benini
Memoryless Routing in Convex Subdivisions: Random Walks are Optimal	Luc Devroye
Memoryless routing in convex subdivisions: Random walks are optimal.	Luc Devroye
Memristive Chaotic Circuits Based on Cellular nonlinear Networks.	Lucia Valentina Gambuzza
Memristor-Based Adaptive Coupling for Consensus and Synchronization.	Lucia Valentina Gambuzza
Memswear - Incorporating Mems Technology Into Smart Shirt For Geriatric Healthcare.	Kwong-Luck Tan
Memswear Fall Sensing System For The Elderly: Design Of A Threshold Accelerometer For Impact Sensing.	Kwong-Luck Tan
Menschen und das Datenweb: Semantische Textverarbeitung für Nicht-Experten (Humans and the Web of Data: Semantic Text Authoring for the non-Expert).	Markus Luczak-Rösch
Mental States Recognition from Communication.	Luciano Serafini
Menu Structuring for Mobile Devices.	Alexander De Luca
Mercury: Properties and Design of a Remote Debugging Solution using Reflection.	Luc Fabresse
Merging network coding with feedback management in multicast streaming.	Daniel E. Lucani
Mesoscopic Continuous and Discrete Channels for Quantum Information Transfer.	Gian Luca Giorgi
Mesoscopic modelling of local phase transitions and apparent-slip phenomena in microflows.	Luca Biferale
Mesoscopic representation of texts as complex networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Message Oriented Programming - A Resource Based Methodology.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Message Passing Algorithms for Upper and Lower Bounding the Coded Modulation Capacity in a Large-Scale Linear System.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Message Passing Optimization of Harmonic Influence Centrality.	Luca Vassio
Message Passing-Aware Power Management on Many-Core Systems.	Luca Benini
Message from SIM.	Dave Luce
Message from the Guest Editors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
MetICA: independent component analysis for high-resolution mass-spectrometry based non-targeted metabolomics.	Marianna Lucio
MetaboHunter: an automatic approach for identification of metabolites from 1H-NMR spectra of complex mixtures.	Luc Belliveau
Metabolic approximation of real periodical functions.	Luca Marchetti
Metabolic brain activity suggestive of persistent pain in a rat model of neuropathic pain.	Lucie A. Low
Metadata and provenance for spatial analysis: the case of spatial weights.	Luc Anselin
Metadata and provenance management	Luc Moreau
Metadata towards an e-research cyberinfrastructure: The case of French PhD theses.	Luc Grivel
Metaheuristics and worst-case guarantee algorithms: relations, provable properties and applications (ECCO XV).	Luca Maria Gambardella
Metaheuristics approach to the aircrew rostering problem.	Panta Lucic
Metaheuristics for the risk-constrained cash-in-transit vehicle routing problem.	Luca Talarico
MetalPredator: a web server to predict iron-sulfur cluster binding proteomes.	Lucia Banci
Metamodeling Techniques Applied to the Design of Reconfigurable Control Applications.	Luca Ferrarini
Metaprotein expression modeling for label-free quantitative proteomics.	Joseph E. Lucas
Metareasoning about Security Protocols using Distributed Temporal Logic.	Luca Viganò 0001
Method for stakeholder identification in interorganizational environments.	Luciana C. Ballejos
Method taking into account process dispersion to detect hardware Trojan Horse by side-channel analysis.	Jean-Luc Danger
Method to Identify Corrections of Defects on Product Line Models.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Methodbook: Recommending Move Method Refactorings via Relational Topic Models.	Andrea De Lucia
Methodical Solution of the Problem of Ascending Subsequences of Maximum Length Within a Given Sequence.	Jean-Luc Remy
Methodological Advances in Brain Connectivity.	Luca Faes
Methodological guidelines for reducing the complexity of data warehouse development for transactional blood bank systems.	Fred Lucena
Methodologies and tools for audio digital archives.	Gian Luca Foresti
Methodologies for the analysis and classification of PET neuroimages.	Giuseppe Lucio Cascini
Methodology and Case Tools for the Development of Federated Databases.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Methods and guidelines for the design and development of domestic ubiquitous computing applications.	Lucia Terrenghi
Methods for Proving Termination of Rewriting-based Programming Languages by Transformation.	Salvador Lucas
Methods for building Conditional Probability Tables of Bayesian Belief Networks from limited judgment: An evaluation for Human Reliability Application.	Luca Podofillini
Methods for performance evaluation of VBR video traffic models.	David M. Lucantoni
Methods for the integration of multi-omics data: mathematical aspects.	Luciano Milanesi
Methods of teaching on-line bibliographic searching: Experience at the College of Librarianship Wales.	Lucy A. Tedd
Metodología para la Conformación de Proyectos de Gestión Tecnológica en Empresas de Distribución Eléctrica Utilizando Dinámica de Sistemas y Algoritmos Genéticos.	Ana Lucía Pérez
Metric Localization using Google Street View.	Luciano Spinello
Metric properties of the nearest extended parametric fuzzy number and applications.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Metropolis: An Integrated Electronic System Design Environment.	Luciano Lavagno
Micro- and macro-failure models of heterogeneous media with micro-structure.	Raimondo Luciano
Micro-to-Nano Biomechanical Modeling for Assisted Biological Cell Injection.	Jean-Luc Hanus
MicroRNAs Form Triplexes with Double Stranded DNA at Sequence-Specific Binding Sites; a Eukaryotic Mechanism via which microRNAs Could Directly Alter Gene Expression.	Lucas T. Laudermilk
Microarchitecture Configurations and Floorplanning Co-Optimization.	Lucanus J. Simonson
Microcanonical thermostatistics analysis without histograms: Cumulative distribution and Bayesian approaches.	Lucas D. Morero
Microlevel Infometric Investigation in Phytochemistry.	Luc Quoniam
Microscopic activity patterns in the Naming Game	Luca Dall'Asta
Microsystems elements based on free-standing thick-films made with a new sacrificial layer process.	Claude Lucat
Microwave Radiometers for Fire Detection in Trains: Theory and Feasibility Study.	Luca Roselli
Microwave Signature of the Greenland Ice Sheet at Ku- and S-Bands.	Luca Pulvirenti
Microwave applicator for hyperthermia treatment on in vivo melanoma model.	Luca Vannucci
Microwave attenuation measurements in satellite-ground links: the potential of spectral analysis for water vapor profiles retrieval.	Luca Facheris
Microwave scattering from mixed-species forests, Queensland, Australia.	Richard M. Lucas
Microwave tomographic inversion technique based on stochastic approach for rainfall fields monitoring.	Luca Facheris
Middleware for wireless sensor networks: an outlook.	Luca Mottola
Migol: A fault-tolerant service framework for MPI applications in the grid.	André Luckow
Migrating legacy video lectures to multimedia learning objects.	Andrea De Lucia
Migration of a pre-hospital cardiology emergency system from data model to multilevel modeling.	Luciana Tricai Cavalini
Migration of information systems in the Italian industry: A state of the practice survey.	Andrea De Lucia
Mimic expert judgement through automated procedure for selecting rainfall events responsible for shallow landslide: A statistical approach to validation.	Pisano Luca
Mimico: a Monad Combinator Parser Generator.	Lucília Figueiredo
Min-Max vs. Min-Sum Vehicle Routing: A worst-case analysis.	Luca Bertazzi
Min-max waveform design for MIMO radars under unknown correlation of the target scattering.	Luca Venturino
Mineração de Imagens.	Luciano Silva
Minimal Complete Sets of Words.	Aldo de Luca
Minimal Positive Realizations of Transfer Functions With Real Poles.	Luca Benvenuti
Minimal arithmetic thickness connecting discrete planes.	Jean-Luc Toutant
Minimal change list for Lucas strings and some graph theoretic consequences.	Jean-Luc Baril
Minimal containment under homothetics: a simple cutting plane approach.	Lucia Roth
Minimal dynamic modeling for dance verbs.	Annie Luciani
Minimal multicut and maximal integer multiflow: A survey.	Lucas Létocart
Minimal paths between communities induced by geographical networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Minimal positive realizations: a survey of recent results and open problems.	Luca Benvenuti
Minimalistic CNN-based ensemble model for gender prediction from face images.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Minimization of Automata	Luc Boasson
Minimization of the Power Losses in IGBT Multiphase Inverters with Carrier-Based Pulsewidth Modulation.	Luca Zarri
Minimizing ISP Network Energy Cost: Formulation and Solutions.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Minimizing blossoms under symmetric linear constraints.	Luc Biard
Minimizing fleet operating costs for a container transportation company.	Luca Coslovich
Minimizing memory access energy in embedded systems by selective instruction compression.	Luca Benini
Minimizing the Squared Mean Curvature Integral for Surfaces in Space Forms.	Lucas Hsu
Minimizing the Total Cost in an Integrated Vendor - Managed Inventory System.	Luca Bertazzi
Minimizing the completion time of a project under resource constraints and feeding precedence relations: a Lagrangian relaxation based lower bound.	Lucio Bianco
Minimizing the completion time of a project under resource constraints and feeding precedence relations: an exact algorithm.	Lucio Bianco
Minimizing the runtime partial reconfiguration overheads in reconfigurable systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Minimizing total busy time in parallel scheduling with application to optical networks.	Luca Moscardelli
Minimum Induced Drag Theorems for Joined Wings, Closed Systems, and Generic Biwings: Applications.	Luciano Demasi
Minimum Induced Drag Theorems for Joined Wings, Closed Systems, and Generic Biwings: Theory.	Luciano Demasi
Minimum Number of Steps for Permutation in a Bubble Memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
Minimum Unique Substrings and Maximum Repeats.	Lucian Ilie
Minimum Variance Split Tomography for Laser Guide Star Adaptive Optics.	Luc Gilles
Minimum and Worst-Case Performance Ratios of Rollout Algorithms.	Luca Bertazzi
Minimum distance of Line Orthogonal Grassmann Codes in even characteristic.	Luca Giuzzi
Minimum distance of Symplectic Grassmann codes.	Luca Giuzzi
Minimum time problems in Economics.	Luca Grosset
Minimum variation solutions for sliding vector fields on the intersection of two surfaces in R3.	Luca Dieci
Minimum-entropy estimation in semi-parametric models.	Luc Pronzato
Minimum-redundancy linear arrays for cyclostationarity-based source location.	Luciano Izzo
Minimum-volume ellipsoids containing compact sets : Application to parameter bounding.	Luc Pronzato
Mining Chemical Libraries with "Screening Assistant 2".	Luc Morin-Allory
Mining Chemical Reactions Using Neighborhood Behavior and Condensed Graphs of Reactions Approaches.	Aurélie de Luca
Mining Frequent Patterns with Differential Privacy.	Luca Bonomi
Mining Predictive k-CNF Expressions.	Luc De Raedt
Mining Relevant and Extreme Patterns on Climate Time Series with CLIPSMiner.	Luciana A. S. Romani
Mining Task-Based Social Networks to Explore Collaboration in Software Teams.	Lucas D. Panjer
Mining Version Histories for Detecting Code Smells.	Andrea De Lucia
Mining anatomical, physiological and pathological information from medical images.	Luca Bogoni
Mining biomarker information in biomedical literature.	Luca Toldo
Mining categorical sequences from data using a hybrid clustering method.	Luca De Angelis
Mining closed patterns in relational, graph and network data.	Luc De Raedt
Mining constraint violations.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Mining electronic health record data: finding the gold nuggets.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Mining expressed sequence tags identifies cancer markers of clinical interest.	Lucy Skrabanek
Mining interesting knowledge from weblogs: a survey.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Mining static and dynamic crosscutting concerns: a role-based approach.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Mining static and dynamic crosscutting concerns: a role-based approach.	Mario Luca Bernardi
Mining@home: toward a public-resource computing framework for distributed data mining.	Claudio Lucchese
Minkowski isoperimetric-hodograph curves.	Luc Biard
MiroSurge - Advanced User Interaction Modalities in Minimally Invasive Robotic Surgery.	Luc Le Tien
MirrARbilitation: A clinically-related gesture recognition interactive tool for an AR rehabilitation system.	Lucas Silva Figueiredo
Misleading Generalized Itemset discovery.	Luca Cagliero
Missing-Area Reconstruction in Multispectral Images Under a Compressive Sensing Perspective.	Luca Lorenzi
Mitigating Epidemics through Mobile Micro-measures.	Lucas Maystre
Mix and match: combining terms and operators for successful Web searches.	Wendy T. Lucas
Mixed Constraint Preconditioners for the iterative solution of FE coupled consolidation equations.	Luca Bergamaschi
Mixed Relations as Enriched Semiringal Categories.	Dorel Lucanu
Mixed formulation for interface problems with distributed Lagrange multiplier.	Lucia Gastaldi
Mixed languages.	Luc Boasson
Mixed succession rules: The commutative case.	Luca Ferrari
Mixing representation levels: The hybrid approach to automatic text generation	Lucia M. Tovena
Mixtape Application: Last.fm Data Characterization.	Luciana Fujii Pontello
Mixtape Application: Music Map Methodology and Evaluation.	Luciana Fujii Pontello
Mixtures of experts for understanding model discrepancy in dynamic computer models.	Lucy Marshall
MoCA: A Middleware for Developing Collaborative Applications for Mobile Users.	Luciana dos S. Lima
MoVES: A framework for parallel and distributed simulation of wireless vehicular ad hoc networks.	Luciano Bononi
Mobile Agents Rendezvous in spite of a Malicious Agent.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Mobile Ambients.	Luca Cardelli
Mobile Anwendungen.	Luc Neumann
Mobile Camera Localization Using Apollonius Circles and Virtual Landmarks.	Luc Mertens
Mobile Code For Key Propagation.	Luc Moreau
Mobile Collector for Field Trips.	Lucia Terrenghi
Mobile Databases: a Selection of Open Issues and Research Directions.	Luc Bouganim
Mobile Devices and Mobile Data-Issues of Identity and Reference.	Peter Lucas
Mobile HCI 2004: Experience and Reflection.	Lucia Terrenghi
Mobile Identity Management Revisited.	Stefan Lucks
Mobile Instant Messaging used to Provide Support and Advice to South African Youth.	Lucille Aanhuizen
Mobile Mindfulness and User's Worry: A Qualitative Study of Using a Smartphone App for Distancing from Negative Thoughts.	Luca Chittaro
Mobile agents applications.	Luci Pirmez
Mobile ambients.	Luca Cardelli
Mobile app selection for 5th through 12th grade science: The development of the MASS rubric.	Lucy Santos Green
Mobile collocated interactions: taking an offline break together.	Andrés Lucero
Mobile game design for the elderly: A study with focus on the motivation to play.	Lucila Ishitani
Mobile objects in Java.	Luc Moreau
Mobile phone technologies and advanced data analysis towards the enhancement of diabetes self-management.	Luca Scarnato
Mobile robot localization via EKF and UKF: A comparison based on real data.	Walter Lucia
Mobile text-entry and visual demands: reusing and optimizing current solutions.	David Lucas
Mobility allowance shuttle transit (MAST) services: MIP formulation and strengthening with logic constraints.	Luca Quadrifoglio
Mobility-aware design of cognitive radio networks: Challenges and opportunities.	Luca De Nardis
Mobilität, Adaptivität und Kontextbewusstsein im E-Learning.	Ulrike Lucke
Mobrex: Visualizing Users' Mobile Browsing Behaviors.	Luca Chittaro
Mobrex: Visualizing Users' Mobile Browsing Behaviors.	Lucio Ieronutti
Modal Deduction Systems for Quantum State Transformations.	Luca Viganò 0001
Modal Logics of Metric Spaces.	Joel Lucero-Bryan
Modal Sequent Calculi Labelled with Truth Values: Completeness, Duality and Analyticity.	Luca Viganò 0001
Modal tests on buildings: correlating large amounts of acquisitions with different space-time collocations.	Luca Collini
Model Checking Biological Oscillators.	Luca Tesei
Model Checking C Programs with Loops via k-Induction and Invariants.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Model Checking Embedded C Software using k-Induction and Invariants (extended version).	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Model Checking Markov Chains with Actions and State Labels.	Lucia Cloth
Model Checking Multiagent Systems.	Luciano Serafini
Model Checking Semantically Annotated Services.	Luca Spalazzi
Model Order Reduction of Time-Delay Systems Using a Laguerre Expansion Technique.	Luc Knockaert
Model Predictive Control Schemes for Consensus in Multi-Agent Systems with Single- and Double-Integrator Dynamics.	Luca Galbusera
Model Reduction and Simulation of Nonlinear Circuits via Tensor Decomposition.	Luca Daniel
Model Reduction of the Nonlinear Complex Ginzburg-Landau Equation.	Luca Brandt
Model characterization in measurements of environmental pollutants via data correlation of sensor outputs.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Model checking LTL properties over ANSI-C programs with bounded traces.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Model checking discounted temporal properties.	Luca de Alfaro
Model checking grid security.	Luca Spalazzi
Model checking recursive programs interacting via the heap.	Dorel Lucanu
Model checking single agent behaviours by fluid approximation.	Luca Bortolussi
Model order reduction with preservation of passivity, non-expansivity and Markov moments.	Luc Knockaert
Model predictive control for compensation of cyclic organ motions in teleoperated laparoscopic surgery.	Luc Soler
Model recovery anti-windup for continuous-time rate and magnitude saturated linear plants.	Luca Zaccarian
Model recovery anti-windup for output saturated SISO linear closed loops.	Luca Zaccarian
Model selection via worst-case criterion for nonlinear bounded-error estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Model-Based Verification of a Security Protocol for Conditional Access to Services.	Luc Léonard
Model-Driven Engineering and Formal Validation of High-Performance Embedded Systems.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Model-Driven Web Usage Analysis for the Evaluation of Web Application Quality.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Model-based Design of Multi-Device Applications based on Web Services.	Lucio Davide Spano
Model-based SIR for dimension reduction.	Luca Scrucca
Model-based Testing and Analysis of Coordinated Components.	Dorel Lucanu
Model-based diagnosis in medicine.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Model-based fault detection and isolation of a steam generator using neuro-fuzzy networks.	Caro Lucas
Model-driven engineering of middleware-based ubiquitous services.	Luca Berardinelli
Model-guided respiratory organ motion prediction of the liver from 2D ultrasound.	Valeria De Luca
Modelagem de Tráfego VoIP Utilizando Misturas Gaussianas Ajustadas por Algoritmo de Maximização de Esperança e Comprimento de Descrição Mínimo.	Rosana de Paula Lucas
Modeling Bi-modality Improves Characterization of Cell Cycle on Gene Expression in Single Cells.	Lucas Dennis
Modeling Biological Systems in Stochastic Concurrent Constraint Programming.	Luca Bortolussi
Modeling Cancer: Integration of "omics" Information in Dynamic Systems.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Modeling CrowdSourcing Scenarios in Socially-Enabled Human Computation Applications.	Luca Galli
Modeling Data for Enterprise Systems with Memories.	Wendy T. Lucas
Modeling Distributed Private Key Generation by Composing Petri Nets.	Luca Bernardinello
Modeling Distributed Private Key Generation by Composing Petri Nets.	Lucia Pomello
Modeling Expression with Perceptual Audio Features to Enhance User Interaction.	Luca Mion
Modeling Medical Prognosis: Survival Analysis Techniques.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Modeling Microwave Fully Polarimetric Passive Observations of the Sea Surface: A Neural Network Approach.	Luca Pulvirenti
Modeling Multi-agent systems with ANote.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Modeling Multi-rate DSP Specification Semantics for Formal Transformational Design in HOL.	Luc J. M. Claesen
Modeling Skill Dependence in Probabilistic Competence Structures.	Luca Stefanutti
Modeling Spanish anxiolytic consumption: Economic, demographic and behavioral influences.	Lucas Jódar
Modeling Spatial Interactions between Areas to Assess the Burglary Risk.	Lucy W. Mburu
Modeling activated states of GPCRs: the rhodopsin template.	Lucy Skrabanek
Modeling activated states of GPCRs: the rhodopsin template.	Lucy Skrabanek
Modeling adaptive kernels from probabilistic phylogenetic trees.	Luca Nicotra
Modeling and Analysis of Nanotips for Thermoelectric Coolers.	Kwong-Luck Tan
Modeling and Comparing Farm Maps using Graphs and Case-based Reasoning.	Jean-Luc Metzger
Modeling and Control of Fluid Transportation Operations in Production Plants With Petri Nets.	Luca Ferrarini
Modeling and Optimization of a Solar Energy Harvester System for Self-Powered Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Benini
Modeling and Optimization of a Solar Energy Harvester System for Self-Powered Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Larcher
Modeling and Simulation of Manufacturing Systems and Extended Enterprises.	Jean-Luc Paris
Modeling and Simulation of Vanadium Dioxide Relaxation Oscillators.	Luca Daniel
Modeling and Verifying Active XML Artifacts.	Luc Segoufin
Modeling and evaluation of positive-feedback source-coupled logic.	Luca Pancioni
Modeling and forecasting duration-dependent mortality rates.	Lucia Teigiszerová
Modeling and friction estimation for wheeled omnidirectional mobile robots.	Luciana Martinez
Modeling and optimization of UWB communication networks through a flexible cost function.	Luca De Nardis
Modeling data transfer in content-centric networking.	Luca Muscariello
Modeling digital substrate noise injection in mixed-signal IC's.	Luca P. Carloni
Modeling dynamics of infant obesity in the region of Valencia, Spain.	Lucas Jódar
Modeling factors explaining the acceptance, actual use and satisfaction of nurses using an Electronic Patient Record in acute care settings: An extension of the UTAUT.	Luc Mathieu
Modeling feature distances by orientation driven classifiers for person re-identification.	Gian Luca Foresti
Modeling fuels and fire effects in 3D: Model description and applications.	Jean-Luc Dupuy
Modeling interaction strategies using POS: An application to soccer robots.	Jean-Luc Koning
Modeling interactions between filial imprinting and a predisposition using genetic algorithms and neural networks.	Lucy E. Hadden
Modeling international trade data with the Tweedie distribution for anti-fraud and policy support.	Lucio Barabesi
Modeling knowledge dynamics in multi-agent systems based on informants.	Luciano H. Tamargo
Modeling multi-agent systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Modeling multiple IP traffic streams with rate limits.	David Lucantoni
Modeling of MARTe-Based Real-Time Applications With SysML.	Luca Boncagni
Modeling of a bipedal robot using mutually coupled Rayleigh oscillators.	Luciano S. C. Raptopoulos
Modeling of electron beam scattering in high resolution lithography for the fabrication of X-Ray masks.	A. Lucchesini
Modeling of nursing knowledge for multilevel information systems.	Luciana Tricai Cavalini
Modeling of robots in contact with a dynamic environment.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Modeling of scanning laser polarimetry images of the human retina for progression detection of glaucoma.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Modeling prosodic feature sequences for speaker recognition.	Luciana Ferrer
Modeling reactive systems in Java.	Luciano Lavagno
Modeling shared resources with generalized synchronization within a Petri net bottom-up approach.	Luca Ferrarini
Modeling sleep mode gains in energy-aware networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Modeling stakeholders for information systems design processes.	Luciana C. Ballejos
Modeling technology impact on cluster microprocessor performance.	Lucian Codrescu
Modeling the Evolution of Complex Networks through the Path-Star Transformation and Optimal Multivariate Methods.	Luciano da F. Costa
Modeling the Impact of Partial Hepatectomy on the Hepatic Hemodynamics Using a Rat Model.	Luc Van Hoorebeke
Modeling the Interactions between Discrete and Continuous Causal Factors in Bayesian Networks.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Modeling the cell cycle: From deterministic models to hybrid systems.	Luciano Milanesi
Modeling the initial stage of a file sharing process on a BitTorrent network.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Modeling the sol-gel transition.	Lucilla de Arcangelis
Modeling the spread of seasonal epidemiological diseases: Theory and applications.	Lucas Jódar
Modeling the webgraph evolution.	Luciana S. Buriol
Modeling time and valuation in structured argumentation frameworks.	Mauro Javier Gómez Lucero
Modeling time-dependent transcription effects of HER2 oncogene and discovery of a role for E2F2 in breast cancer cell-matrix adhesion.	Luca Marchetti
Modeling transition dynamics in MDPs with RKHS embeddings of conditional distributions	Luca Baldassarre
Modeling with blocks.	Luc Leblanc
Modeling, Sensitivity Analysis, and Prototyping of Low-g Acceleration Acquisition Systems for Spacecraft Testing and Environmental-Noise Measurements.	Luca Fanucci
Modelling Collaboration Processes Through Design Patterns.	Luca Mainetti
Modelling Megalithic Sites.	Michel Lucas
Modelling Net Ecosystem CO2 Exchange by Simple Tropical Ecosystem Model.	Luciana Sanches Alves
Modelling PLC characteristics for resource allocation.	Lucien Ngalamou
Modelling and Managing SSD Write-amplification.	Luc Bouganim
Modelling and control of HIV dynamics.	Luca Ceccherini-Nelli
Modelling and control of a flying robot interacting with the environment.	Luca Gentili
Modelling and optimization of power consumption in wireless access networks.	Luc Martens
Modelling and performance analysis of a machine vision-based semi-autonomous aerial refuelling.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Modelling and sequence generation for robotized mechanical assembly.	Luc Laperrière
Modelling and simulation of asynchronous real-time systems using Timed Rebeca.	Luca Aceto
Modelling argument accrual with possibilistic uncertainty in a logic programming setting.	Mauro Javier Gómez Lucero
Modelling decision making in fund raising management by a fuzzy knowledge system.	Luca Barzanti
Modelling individual routines and spatio-temporal trajectories in human mobility.	Luca Pappalardo
Modelling interdependencies among critical infrastructures.	Luciano Morabito
Modelling non-Markovian dynamics in biochemical reactions.	Luca Torella
Modelling of hot-carrier degradation and its application for analog design for reliability.	Luc Hebrard
Modelling of the advection-diffusion equation with a meshless method without numerical diffusion.	María Lucía Gavete
Modelling spatial practices and social representations of space using multi-agent systems.	Jean-Luc Bonnefoy
Modelling systems defined by RTD curves.	Luc Pibouleau
Modelling teenage personal contexts to support technology enhanced enquiry into personal energy consumption.	Rosemary Luckin
Modelling the early steps of transduction in insect olfactory receptor neurons.	Philippe Lucas
Modelling the insect Mushroom Bodies: Application to sequence learning.	Luca Patané
Modelling the interaction of steroid receptors with endocrine disrupting chemicals.	Luciano Milanesi
Modelling the spread of negative word-of-mouth in online social networks.	Lucas Stich
Modelling transition dynamics in MDPs with RKHS embeddings	Luca Baldassarre
Modelling treatment effects in a clinical Bayesian network using Boolean threshold functions.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Modelling, property verification and behavioural equivalence of lactose operon regulation.	Luciana Foss
Modelo para la estimación temprana de esfuerzo en proyectos de software, incorporando información de proyectos similares.	Ana Lucía Pérez
Models and algorithms to improve earthwork operations in road design using mixed integer linear programming.	Yves Lucet
Models and hybrid methods for the onshore wells maintenance problem.	Lucas Moreira Guedes
Models and methods of decision making in fuzzy environment and their applications to power engineering problems.	Luciane N. Canha
Models and strategies for efficiently determining an optimal vertical alignment of roads.	Yves Lucet
Models for ATM video packet transmission.	Luciano Alparone
Models for Audiovisual Fusion in a Noisy-Vowel Recognition Task.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Models for Wireless Data Communications in Indoor Train Environment.	Luc Martens
Models for Wireless Data Communications in Indoor Train Environment.	Luc Verstrepen
Models for name-passing processes: interleaving and causal.	Gian Luca Cattani
Models for setting ATM parameter values.	Luc Romoeuf
Models of Constructed Sound: Nonstandard Synthesis as an Aesthetic Perspective.	Luc Döbereiner
Modern concurrency abstractions for C#.	Luca Cardelli
Modern multicore and manycore architectures: Modelling, optimisation and benchmarking a multiblock CFD code.	Luca di Mare
Modifications of Newton's method for even-grade palindromic polynomials and other twined polynomials.	Luca Gemignani
Modified B-splines for the sampling of bandlimited functions.	Luc Knockaert
Modified cyclic methods for signal selective TDOA estimation.	Luciano Izzo
Modified differential evolution approach for optimization of planar parallel manipulators force capabilities.	Lucas Weihmann
Modified edge finite elements for photonic crystals.	Lucia Gastaldi
Modula-2/MUPE-2: Language and Environment Interactions.	Luc Pinsonneault
Modula-3 language definition.	Lucille Glassman
Modula-3 language definition.	Luca Cardelli
Modular Neural Networks for Medical Prognosis: Quantifying the Benefits of Combining Neural Networks for Survival Prediction.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Modular Responsive Web Design using Element Queries.	Lucas Wiener
Modular design and implementation of a logic control system for a batch process.	Luca Ferrarini
Modular design methodologies for image processing architectures.	Luca Breveglieri
Modular representation of complex hybrid systems: application to the simulation of batch processes.	Luc Thevenon
ModularityCheck: A Tool for Assessing Modularity using Co-Change Clusters.	Luciana Lourdes Silva
Modularizing Design Patterns with Aspects: A Quantitative Study.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Modulated Model Predictive Control for a Seven-Level Cascaded H-Bridge Back-to-Back Converter.	Luca Tarisciotti
Modulated Raman Spectroscopy for Enhanced Cancer Diagnosis at the Cellular Level.	Anna Chiara De Luca
Modulation Scheme for Improved Operation of an RB-IGBT-Based Resonant Inverter Applied to Domestic Induction Heating.	Oscar Lucía
Modulation of alpha oscillations in insular cortex reflects the threat of painful stimuli.	Luca Ciancetta
Modulation of alpha oscillations in insular cortex reflects the threat of painful stimuli.	Gian Luca Romani
Modélisation UML/MARTE de SoC et analyse temporelle basée sur l'approche synchrone. Vers l'exploration à haut niveau de l'architecture.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Modélisation de coiffures naturelles à partir des propriétés physiques du cheveu.	Jean Luc Lévêque
Modélisation du raisonnement pour les recherches d'un aéronef porté disparu.	Luc Lamontagne
Molcas 8: New capabilities for multiconfigurational quantum chemical calculations across the periodic table.	Luca De Vico
Molecular Mechanism of Allosteric Communication in Hsp70 Revealed by Molecular Dynamics Simulations.	Luciano Milanesi
Molecular Mechanism of Selective Binding of Peptides to Silicon Surface.	Lucyna Firlej
Molecular Modeling Study of Dihydrofolate Reductase Inhibitors. Molecular Dynamics Simulations, Quantum Mechanical Calculations, and Experimental Corroboration.	Lucas Gutierrez
Molecular Modeling of Potential Anticancer Agents from African Medicinal Plants.	Luc Meva'a Mbaze
Molecular Probe Data Base (MPDB).	Luciano Milanesi
Molecular conformation of n -alkanes using terrain/funneling methods.	Angelo Lucia
Molecular dynamics simulation of hydrated DPPC monolayers using charge equilibration force fields.	Timothy R. Lucas
Molecular geometry effects and the Gibbs-Helmholtz Constrained equation of state.	Angelo Lucia
Molecular simulation of multistate peptide dynamics: A comparison between microsecond timescale sampling and multiple shorter trajectories.	Luca Monticelli
Mollification in Strongly Lipschitz Domains with Application to Continuous and Discrete De Rham Complexes.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Moment inequalities for random variables in computational geometry.	Luc Devroye
Moment invariants for recognition under changing viewpoint and illumination.	Luc J. Van Gool
Monitoring compliance with E-contracts and norms.	Michael Luck
Monitoring natural and rural ecosystems using the NDVI anomaly: an application to the Umbria Region.	Lucia Rocchi
Monitoring the PACS Implementation Process in a Large University Hospital - Discrepancies Between Radiologists and Physicians.	Luc Adang
Monochromatic Cycles in 2-Coloured Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Monotonicity properties for the viable control of discrete-time systems.	Luc Doyen
Monte Carlo Calculation of Radioimmunotherapy with 90Y-, 177Lu-, 131I-, 124I-, and 188Re-Nanoobjects: Choice of the Best Radionuclide for Solid Tumour Treatment by Using TCP and NTCP Concepts.	Stephane Lucas
Monte Carlo Motion Planning for Robot Trajectory Optimization Under Uncertainty.	Lucas Janson
Monte Carlo methods for pricing and hedging American options in high dimension.	Lucia Caramellino
Monte Carlo simulation analysis of the effects of different system performance levels on the importance of multi-state components.	Luca Podofillini
Monte Carlo simulation of X-ray imaging and spectroscopy experiments using quadric geometry and variance reduction techniques.	Giovanni Luca Masala
Monte Carlo-based assessment of the safety performance of a radioactive waste repository.	A. Luce
MonteGrappa: An iterative Monte Carlo program to optimize biomolecular potentials in simplified models.	Luca Giorgetti
Monthly soil erosion monitoring based on remotely sensed biophysical parameters: a case study in Strymonas river basin towards a functional pan-European service.	Luca Montanarella
MoodBar: Increasing new user retention in Wikipedia through lightweight socialization.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Moon Search Algorithms for NASA's Dawn Mission to Asteroid Vesta	Lucy A. McFadden
Moral Theories for Autonomous Software Agents.	Richard Lucas
More Collaboration, More Collective Intelligence.	Viviane Leite Lucas de Azevedo
More fires and more fighters.	Lucia Draque Penso
More on d-Logics of Subspaces of the Rational Numbers.	Joel Lucero-Bryan
More restrictive Gray codes for some classes of pattern avoiding permutations.	Jean-Luc Baril
More than just shape: a representation for functionality.	Luca Bogoni
Morphisms of reaction networks that couple structure to function.	Luca Cardelli
Morphological Component Analysis: An Adaptive Thresholding Strategy.	Jean-Luc Starck
Morphological Computation and Morphological Control: Steps Toward a Formal Theory and Applications.	Rolf H. Luchsinger
Morphological Diversity and Sparsity for Multichannel Data Restoration.	Jean-Luc Starck
Morphological Homogeneity of Neurons: Searching for Outlier Neuronal Cells.	Luciano da F. Costa
Morphological diversity and source separation.	Jean-Luc Starck
Morphological grayscale reconstruction in image analysis: applications and efficient algorithms.	Luc Vincent
Morphology and evolution of cortical lesions in multiple sclerosis. A longitudinal MRI study.	Luciano Rinaldi
Morphometric information to reduce the semantic gap in the characterization of microscopic images of thyroid nodules.	Luciana Farina Almansa
Morphometrical data analysis using wavelets.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
MosesKonto: Optimiertes Verteilungsverfahren für Tutorien und Studierendenverwaltung an der TU Berlin.	Robert Luce
Most Likely Maximum Entropy for Population Analysis with Region-Censored Data.	Luc Pronzato
Most Uniform Path Partitioning and its Use in Image Processing.	Mario Lucertini
Motifs Et Bases De Langages.	Luc Boasson
Motifs tree: a new method for predicting post-translational modifications.	Jean-Luc Falcone
Motion Analysis in SAR Images of Unfocused Objects Using Time-Frequency Methods.	Kevin Luc
Motion Control of Omni-Directional Three-Wheel Robots by Brain-Emotional-Learning-Based Intelligent Controller.	Caro Lucas
Motion Control of the CyberCarpet Platform.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Motion Control of the CyberCarpet Platform.	Luc J. Van Gool
Motion Extrapolation of Car-Following Scenes in Younger and Older Drivers.	Patricia R. DeLucia
Motion estimation and CABAC VLSI co-processors for real-time high-quality H.264/AVC video coding.	Luca Fanucci
Motion graphs.	Lucas Kovar
Motion identification from image sequences: Information theory and pixel selection.	Matteo Lucchetti
Motion sequence analysis in the presence of figural cues.	Lucia M. Vaina
Motion-compensated conversion from interlaced to progressive formats.	Luc Vandendorpe
Motivations and measurements in an agile case study.	Lucas Layman
Motives for international cooperation on R&D and innovation: empirical evidence from Argentinean and Spanish firms.	Ignacio Fernández-de-Lucio
Motor Skill Acquisition Under Environmental Perturbations: On the Necessity of Alternate Freezing and Freeing of Degrees of Freedom.	Luc Berthouze
Motzkin subposets and Motzkin geodesics in Tamari lattices.	Jean-Luc Baril
Movie recommendation in context.	Ernesto William De Luca
MpTheory Java library: a multi-platform Java library for systems biology based on the Metabolic P theory.	Luca Marchetti
Ms. Pac-Man Versus Ghost Team CIG 2016 Competition.	Simon M. Lucas
MtbRegList, a database dedicated to the analysis of transcriptional regulation in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.	Luc Gaudreau
MtbRegList, a database dedicated to the analysis of transcriptional regulation in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.	Jean-François Lucier
MuTEAM: An experience in the design of robust multiprocessor systems.	Luca Simoncini
Multi Layer Analysis	Luca Pinello
Multi-Agent Planning and Execution Approach for Controlling Multiple Satellites.	Luciana S. Cardoso
Multi-Attacker Protocol Validation.	Luca Compagna
Multi-Criteria Decision Making support system for pancreatic islet transplantation.	Luca Cicalese
Multi-Frame Amplitude Envelope Estimation for Modification of Singing Voice.	Luc Ardaillon
Multi-Key Homomorphic Authenticators.	Luca Nizzardo
Multi-Objective Evolutionary Algorithm NSGA-II for Variables Selection in Multivariate Calibration Problems.	Daniel Victor de Lucena
Multi-Perspective Navigation of Movies.	Dario Lucarella
Multi-Push-Down Languages and Grammars.	Luca Breveglieri
Multi-Relational Data Mining: a Workshop Report.	Luc De Raedt
Multi-Relational Learning at Scale with ADMM.	Lucas Drumond
Multi-Sine Fitting Algorithm enhancement for sinusoidal signal characterization.	Domenico Luca Carnì
Multi-State Quantum Dissipative Dynamics in Sub-Ohmic Environment: The Strong Coupling Regime.	Luca Magazzù
Multi-Stencil Streamline Fast Marching: A General 3-D Framework to Determine Myocardial Thickness and Transmurality in Late Enhancement Images.	Lucilio Cordero-Grande
Multi-Stratum Networks: toward a unified model of on-line identities	Luca Rossi 0003
Multi-User Virtual Environments for Learning: Experience and Technology Design.	Luca Mainetti
Multi-View Human Body Pose Estimation with CUDA-PSO.	Luca Mussi
Multi-agent systems research into the 21st century.	Michael Luck
Multi-agents adaptive estimation and coverage control using Gaussian regression.	Luca Schenato
Multi-apartment residential microgrid monitoring system based on kernel canonical variate analysis.	Lucio Ciabattoni
Multi-camera systems use for dental arch shape measurement.	Lucie Grajciarová
Multi-channel surface EMG classification using support vector machines and signal-based wavelet optimization.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Multi-commodity supply network planning in the forest supply chain.	Luc LeBel
Multi-contrast multi-scale surface registration for improved alignment of cortical areas.	Christine Lucas Tardif
Multi-core Implementation of the Tate Pairing over Supersingular Elliptic Curves.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Multi-criteria modelling and clustering of spatial information.	Christian Lucas
Multi-dimensional Conversation Analysis across Online Social Networks.	William Lucia
Multi-dimensional finite-volume scheme for hyperbolic conservation laws on three-dimensional solution-adaptive cubed-sphere grids.	Lucian Ivan
Multi-dimensional, fully-implicit, spectral method for the Vlasov-Maxwell equations with exact conservation laws in discrete form.	Gian Luca Delzanno
Multi-document summarization based on the Yago ontology.	Luca Cagliero
Multi-engine ASP solving with policy adaptation.	Luca Pulina
Multi-input shaping design for vibration reduction.	Lucy Y. Pao
Multi-label Methods for Prediction with Sequential Data.	Luca Martino
Multi-label learning: a review of the state of the art and ongoing research.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
Multi-modal characterization of rapid anterior hippocampal volume increase associated with aerobic exercise.	Lucy Matthews
Multi-non-binary turbo codes.	Radu Lucaciu
Multi-object tracking evaluated on sparse events.	Luc J. Van Gool
Multi-objective approach for robot motion planning in search tasks.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Multi-objective exploration and search for autonomous rescue robots.	Luca Iocchi
Multi-objective fuzzy regression: a general framework.	Lucien Duckstein
Multi-objective network planning optimization algorithm: human exposure, power consumption, cost, and capacity.	Luc Martens
Multi-objective optimisations for a superscalar architecture with selective value prediction.	Lucian Vintan
Multi-oriented windowed harmonic phase reconstruction for robust cardiac strain imaging.	Lucilio Cordero-Grande
Multi-output learning via spectral filtering.	Luca Baldassarre
Multi-reference combinatorial strategy towards longer long-term dense motion estimation.	Luce Morin
Multi-relational data mining: the current frontiers.	Luc De Raedt
Multi-resolution estimation of fractal dimension from noisy images.	Luciano Alparone
Multi-scale genetic dynamic modelling I : an algorithm to compute generators.	Luca Sbano
Multi-scale genetic dynamic modelling II: application to synthetic biology.	Luca Sbano
Multi-scale global optimization of all-atom molecular models of n-alkanes.	Angelo Lucia
Multi-scale lacunarity as an alternative to quantify and diagnose the behavior of prostate cancer.	Domingos Lucas Latorre de Oliveira
Multi-scale methods and complex processes: A survey and look ahead.	Angelo Lucia
Multi-session statistics on beamformed MEG data.	Henry Luckhoo
Multi-spectral vision system for weed detection.	Luc J. Van Gool
Multi-trajectories automatic planner for StereoElectroEncephaloGraphy (SEEG).	Luca Antiga
Multi-user time-reversal STC-GFDMA for future wireless networks.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Multi-view codec with low-complexity encoding for Distributed Video Coding.	Lucian Ciobanu
Multi-view traffic sign detection, recognition, and 3D localisation.	Luc J. Van Gool
Multi-way spectral partitioning and higher-order Cheeger inequalities	Luca Trevisan
Multi30K: Multilingual English-German Image Descriptions.	Lucia Specia
MultiS: A Context-Server for Pervasive Computing.	Luciano Cavalheiro da Silva
Multiaccess Channel With Partially Cooperating Encoders and Security Constraints.	Luc Vandendorpe
Multiaccess Channel with Partially Cooperating Encoders and Security Constraints	Luc Vandendorpe
Multiaccess Channels with State Known to One Encoder: Another Case of Degraded Message Sets	Luc Vandendorpe
Multibody Interactions in Coarse-Graining Schemes for Extended Systems.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Multibody Structure-from-Motion in Practice.	Luc J. Van Gool
Multicarrier Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Multicast algorithms in service overlay networks.	Luca Lopez
Multichannel Superframe Scheduling for IEEE 802.15.4 Industrial Wireless Sensor Networks.	Lucia Lo Bello
Multiclass Multimodal Detection and Tracking in Urban Environments.	Luciano Spinello
Multicore Signal Processing Platform With Heterogeneous Configurable Hardware Accelerators.	Luca Perugini
Multicriteria Optimization Model for the Study of the Efficacy of Skin Antiaging Therapy.	Luciana Neamtiu
Multics and Plan 9: The Big Bangs in the Distributed Computing System Universe.	Lucio Grandinetti
Multicuts and integral multiflows in rings.	Lucas Létocart
Multidestination Pedestrian Flows in Equilibrium: A Cellular Automaton-Based Approach.	Luca Crociani
Multidimensional Online Motion Planning for a Spherical Robot.	Lucas Sabalka
Multidimensional Online Robot Motion	Lucas Sabalka
Multidimensional range queries on hierarchical Voronoi overlays.	Luca Ferrucci
Multidiscipinary Optimization For Gas Turbines Design.	Luca Vassio
Multifocal electroretinogram diagnosis of glaucoma applying neural networks and structural pattern analysis.	Luciano Boquete
Multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis of earthquake magnitude series of Mexican South Pacific Region.	Luciano Telesca
Multiframe Super-Resolution Reconstruction of Small Moving Objects.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Multilanguage Hierarchical Logics or: How we can do Without Modal Logics.	Luciano Serafini
Multilayer Protection with Availability Guarantees in Optical WDM Networks.	Diego Lucerna
Multilevel Additive Schwarz Preconditioners for the Bidomain Reaction-Diffusion System.	Luca F. Pavarino
Multilevel Alignment Maintains Language systematicity.	Luc Steels
Multilevel Bayesian networks for the analysis of hierarchical health care data.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Multilingual event extraction for epidemic detection.	Nadine Lucas
Multilingual large vocabulary speech recognition: the European SQALE project.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Multimedia Retrieval: Fundamental Techniques and Principles of Adaptivity.	Ernesto William De Luca
Multimedia and Gaming Technologies for Telerehabilitation of Motor Disabilities [Leading Edge].	Luca Liparulo
Multimedia broadcast and internet satellite system design and user trial results.	Alan Lucas
Multimodal Deep Learning for Robust RGB-D Object Recognition.	Luciano Spinello
Multimodal Video Analysis on Self-Powered Resource-Limited Wireless Smart Camera.	Luca Benini
Multimodal fingerprint verification by score-level fusion: An experimental investigation.	Luca Didaci
Multimodal fingerprint verification by score-level fusion: An experimental investigation.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Multimodal user interfaces in the Open Agent Architecture.	Luc E. Julia
Multimodality and Interactivity: Connecting Properties of Serious Games with Educational Outcomes.	Luciano Nocera
Multimode/Multifrequency Low Frequency Airborne Radar Design.	Luca Ciofanello
Multinomial Lagrange-Bernstein approximants.	Luc Knockaert
Multiobjective Monte Carlo Tree Search for Real-Time Games.	Simon M. Lucas
Multiobjective Optimization of an Observer-Based Controller: Theory and Experiments on an Underwater Grinding Robot.	Pierre-Luc Richard
Multiobjective fuzzy linear programming for sustainable irrigation planning: an Indian case study.	Lucien Duckstein
Multiobjective fuzzy regression with central tendency and possibilistic properties.	Lucien Duckstein
Multiobjective genetic classifier selection for random oracles fuzzy rule-based classifier ensembles: How beneficial is the additional diversity?	Luciano Sánchez
Multiobjective invasive weed optimization: Application to analysis of Pareto improvement models in electricity markets.	Caro Lucas
Multiobjective optimization for multiproduct batch plant design under economic and environmental considerations.	Luc Pibouleau
Multiobjective scheduling for semiconductor manufacturing plants.	Luc Pibouleau
Multiobjective spare part allocation by means of genetic algorithms and Monte Carlo simulation.	Luca Podofillini
Multiobjective strategies for New Product Development in the pharmaceutical industry.	Luc Pibouleau
Multiobjective vehicle routing problem with fixed delivery and optional collections.	Luciana P. Assis
Multipath delay acquisition in asynchronous doubly-selective DS/CDMA fading channels.	Luca Venturino
Multipath geographic routing using false destinations.	Pier Luca Montessoro
Multiphase LC oscillators.	Luca Romanò
Multiphase Segmentation For Simultaneously Homogeneous and Textural Images.	Lucas Mentch
Multiple Camera Human Detection and Tracking inside a Robotic Cell - An Approach based on Image Warping, Computer Vision, K-d Trees and Particle Filtering.	Luca Bascetta
Multiple Endmember Unmixing of CHRIS/Proba Imagery for Mapping Impervious Surfaces in Urban and Suburban Environments.	Luca Demarchi
Multiple Instance Learning with Multiple Objective Genetic Programming for Web Mining.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
Multiple Interface Parallel Approach of Bioinspired Routing Protocol for Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Multiple Predicate Learning in Two Inductive Logic Programming Settings.	Luc De Raedt
Multiple cameras for audio-visual speech recognition in an automotive environment.	Patrick Lucey
Multiple choice tries and distributed hash tables.	Luc Devroye
Multiple classifier combination for face-based identity verification.	Luc Vandendorpe
Multiple interdependent regulatory sites in the mouse c-fos promoter determine basal level transcription: cell type-specific effects.	F. C. Lucibello
Multiple model approach and experimental validation of a residential air-to-air heat pump	Franck Lucas
Multiple reconstruction and dynamic modeling of 3D digital objects using a morphing approach - Application to kidney animation and tumor tracking.	Jean-Luc Mari
Multiple spaced seeds for homology search.	Lucian Ilie
Multiple-Edge-Fault-Tolerant Approximate Shortest-Path Trees.	Luciano Gualà
Multiple-Path Selection for new Highway Alignments using Discrete Algorithms.	Yves Lucet
Multiple-path selection for new highway alignments using discrete algorithms.	Yves Lucet
Multiplicador Digital de Frecuencia Programable Adaptivo de Alta Presición.	Adriano de Luca
Multiplicative Calculus in Biomedical Image Analysis.	Luc Florack
Multiplicative Forward-Secure Threshold Signature Scheme.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Multiplierless and fully pipelined JPEG compression soft IP targeting FPGAs.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Multiply Constant-Weight Codes and the Reliability of Loop Physically Unclonable Functions.	Jean-Luc Danger
Multiply Constant-Weight Codes and the Reliability of Loop Physically Unclonable Functions.	Jean-Luc Danger
Multirate processing of time series exhibiting higher order cyclostationarity.	Luciano Izzo
Multirelational data mining 2003: workshop report.	Luc De Raedt
Multiresolution MAP Despeckling of SAR Images Based on Locally Adaptive Generalized Gaussian pdf Modeling.	Luciano Alparone
Multiresolution Support Applied to Image Filtering and Restoration.	Jean-Luc Starck
Multiresolution in astronomical image processing: A general framework.	Jean-Luc Starck
Multiresolution local-statistics speckle filtering based on a ratio Laplacian pyramid.	Luciano Alparone
Multirobot systems: a classification focused on coordination.	Luca Iocchi
Multiscale Analysis of Information Dynamics for Linear Multivariate Processes.	Luca Faes
Multiscale Analysis of Landscape Heterogeneity: Scale Variance and Pattern Metrics.	Matt Luck
Multiscale Approach to Image Sequence Analysis.	Luc Florack
Multiscale MAS modelling to simulate the soil environment: Application to soil ecology.	Jean-Luc Chotte
Multiscale Mesoscopic Entropy of Driven Macroscopic Systems.	Umberto Lucia
Multiscale Modelling: A Mobile Membrane Approach	Luca Tesei
Multiscale analysis of reaction networks.	Luca Sbano
Multiscale descriptors and metric learning for human body shape retrieval.	Luca Isaia
Multiscale entropy filtering.	Jean-Luc Starck
Multiscale model of tumor-derived capillary-like network formation.	Luca Munaron
Multiscale skeletons by image foresting transform and its application to neuromorphometry.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Multisensor data fusion for autonomous vehicle navigation in risky environments.	Gian Luca Foresti
Multisensory VR exploration for computer fluid dynamics in the CoRSAIRe project.	Luc Pastur
Multisite longitudinal reliability of tract-based spatial statistics in diffusion tensor imaging of healthy elderly subjects.	Luca Roccatagliata
Multispectral Acquisition of Large-Sized Pictorial Surfaces.	Luca Poletto
Multispectral data restoration by the wavelet Karhunen-Loève transform.	Jean-Luc Starck
Multistability, Phase Diagrams and Statistical Properties of the Kicked Rotor: a Map with Many Coexisting attractors.	Luciano Camargo Martins
Multistable binary decision making on networks	Andrew Lucas
Multistage speaker diarization of broadcast news.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Multitouch-Pursuit - Ein generisches Lernspiel für Tischcomputer.	Ulrike Lucke
Multiuser detection for cooperative networks and performance analysis.	Luca Venturino
Multiuser-centered resource scheduling for collaborative display wall environments.	Luc Renambot
Multivariate Decomposition of Arterial Blood Pressure Variability for the Assessment of Arterial Control of Circulation.	Daniela Lucini
Multivariate EEG spectral analysis evidences the functional link between motor and visual cortex during integrative sensorimotor tasks.	Luca Faes
Multivariate Utility Maximization with Proportional Transaction Costs and Random Endowment.	Luciano Campi
Multivariate data analysis software for enhancing system security.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Multivariate gene expression analysis reveals functional connectivity changes between normal/tumoral prostates.	Luciana Rodrigues Gomes
Multivariate selection of genetic markers in diagnostic classification.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Multivariate time changes for Lévy asset models: Characterization and calibration.	Elisa Luciano
Multivariate time series classification with parametric derivative dynamic time warping.	Maciej Luczak
Multivariate utility maximization with proportional transaction costs.	Luciano Campi
Multiview 3D reconstruction in geosciences.	Luca Nannipieri
Multiview Matching of Articulated Objects.	Luca Zini
Multiview Shooting Geometry for Multiscopic Rendering with Controlled Distortion.	Laurent Lucas
Multiview range image registration using the surface interpenetration measure.	Luciano Silva
Multiway Spectral Partitioning and Higher-Order Cheeger Inequalities.	Luca Trevisan
Multiyear monitoring of soil moisture over Iran through satellite and reanalysis soil moisture products.	Luca Brocca
Municipalities as a Driver for Wireless Broadband Access.	Luc Martens
Muscles of mastication model-based MR image segmentation.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Music cognition research amidst the boreal forest.	Geoff Luck
Music fandom online: R.E.M. fans in pursuit of the ultimate first listen.	Lucy Bennett
Music-Enhanced Immersive Virtual Reality in the Rehabilitation of Memory-Related Cognitive Processes and Functional Abilities: A Case Report.	Luciano Gamberini
Musical Genres: Beating to the Rhythms of Different Drums	Luciano da F. Costa
Musical Synthesis by Means of Cellular Automata and Gestalt Patterns.	Luca Danieli
Musimetrics	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Musings on the Path Forward to Exascale.	Robert F. Lucas
Mutational equations for shapes and vision-based control.	Luc Doyen
Mutational equations of the morphological dilation tubes.	Luc Doyen
Mutual information-based feature selection and partition design in fuzzy rule-based classifiers from vague data.	Luciano Sánchez
Mutual information-based feature selection for intrusion detection systems.	Caro Lucas
Mutual placement of bipartite graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
My Private Google Calendar and GMail.	Lucas Braun
My Software has a Vulnerability, should I worry?	Luca Allodi
My scale or your meter? Evaluating methods of measuring the Internet.	Lucio Picci
MyMpn: a database for the systems biology model organism Mycoplasma pneumoniae.	Luca Cozzuto
Myelin water imaging reflects clinical variability in multiple sclerosis.	Lucy Matthews
Mácajová and Skoviera conjecture on cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Möbius reparametrizations of rational B-splines.	Miriam L. Lucian
N-Dimensional Elliptic Invariant Tori for the Planar (N+1)-Body Problem.	Luca Biasco
NACR: A New Adaptive Channel Reservation in Cellular Communication Systems.	André-Luc Beylot
NASA Computational Case Study: Where Is My Moon?	Lucy A. McFadden
NDIR Gas Sensor for Spatial Monitoring of Carbon Dioxide Concentrations in Naturally Ventilated Livestock Buildings.	Luciano B. Mendes
NEKTAR, SPICE and Vortonics: using federated grids for large scale scientific applications.	Lucas Finn
NEuronMOrphological analysis tool: open-source software for quantitative morphometrics.	Lucia Billeci
NGS-Logistics: data infrastructure for efficient analysis of NGS sequence variants across multiple centers.	Luc Dehaspe
NICV: Normalized Inter-Class Variance for Detection of Side-Channel Leakage.	Jean-Luc Danger
NIH's Big Data to Knowledge initiative and the advancement of biomedical informatics.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
NLP Technologies and Semantic Web: Risks, Opportunities and Challenges.	Luca Dini
NMF with Sparse Regularizations in Transformed Domains.	Jean-Luc Starck
NMF with Sparse Regularizations in Transformed Domains.	Jean-Luc Starck
NMRb: a web-site repository for raw NMR datasets.	Jean-Luc Pons
NRC 3D imaging technology for museum and heritage applications.	Luc Cournoyer
NSF expedition on variability-aware software: Recent results and contributions.	Lucas Francisco Wanner
NTS Languages Are Deterministic and Congruential.	Luc Boasson
Named Entity Recognition in Greek Texts with an Ensemble of SVMs and Active Learning.	Georgios Lucarelli
Nanogravimetric and Optical Characterizations of Thrombin Interaction with a Self-Assembled Thiolated Aptamer.	Luca De Stefano
Nanoinformatics: developing new computing applications for nanomedicine.	Luciano Milanesi
Narrative Approaches to Conflict Resolution Across Technologically Mediated Landscapes.	Luka Lucic
Narrative and interactive learning environments.	Rose Luckin
Nash Equilibria for competitive information diffusion on trees.	Lucy Small
Nash rationalization of collective choice over lotteries.	Luc Lauwers
Native Catalan learners' perception and production of English vowels.	Lucrecia Rallo Fabra
Natural Deduction for Dual-intuitionistic Logic.	Luca Tranchini
Natural Deduction for Non-Classical Logics.	Luca Viganò 0001
Natural Language Dialogue Service for Appointment Scheduling Agents	Luca Dini
Natural Language Processing in Biomedicine: A Unified System Architecture Overview.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Natural Language-based Representation of User Preferences.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Natural Language-based Representation of User Preferences.	Michael Luck
Natural human-robot musical interaction: understanding the music conductor gestures by using the WB-4 inertial measurement system.	Luca Bartolomeo
Natural images from the birthplace of the human eye	Lucia H. Seyfarth
Natural language processing: algorithms and tools to extract computable information from EHRs and from the biomedical literature.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Natural language processing: an introduction.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Natural steering behaviors for virtual pedestrians.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Navigating 3D Virtual Environments by Following Embodied Agents: a Proposal and its Informal Evaluation on a Virtual Museum Application.	Lucio Ieronutti
Navigating 3D Virtual Environments by Following Embodied Agents: a Proposal and its Informal Evaluation on a Virtual Museum Application.	Luca Chittaro
Navigation assistance and guidance of older adults across complex public spaces: the DALi approach.	Luca Rizzon
Navigation in 3D virtual environments: Effects of user experience and location-pointing navigation aids.	Luca Chittaro
Navigation in hypermedia applications: Modeling and semantics.	Luca Mainetti
Navigation of Magnetic Microrobots With Different User Interaction Levels.	Lucia Beccai
Navigation of Magnetic Microrobots With Different User Interaction Levels.	Gioia Lucarini
Navigation techniques for small-screen devices: An evaluation on maps and web pages.	Luca Chittaro
Navigation textuelle : représentation des textes et des connaissances.	Jean-Luc Minel
Navigational Data: A Graphical Methodology to Support Qualitative Analysis.	Honey Lucas
NeVer: a tool for artificial neural networks verification.	Luca Pulina
Near infrared image processing to quantitate and visualize oxygen saturation during vascular occlusion.	Luca Potì
Near optimal interval observers bundle for uncertain bioreactors.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Near-Optimal Strategies for Nonlinear and Uncertain Networked Control Systems.	Lucian Busoniu
Near-Optimal UGC-hardness of Approximating Max k-CSP_R.	Luca Trevisan
Near-lossless compression of 3-D optical data.	Luciano Alparone
Near-lossless image compression by relaxation-labelled prediction.	Luciano Alparone
Nearest interval, triangular and trapezoidal approximation of a fuzzy number preserving ambiguity.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Nearest neighbor classifier generalization through spatially constrained filters.	Simon Lucey
Nearest piecewise linear approximation of fuzzy numbers.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Necessary and sufficient condition for multistability of neural networks evolving on a closed hypercube.	Luca Pancioni
Necessary and sufficient conditions for the equality of the interactive and non-interactive sums of two fuzzy numbers.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Negative thinking in branch-and-bound: the case of unate covering.	Luca P. Carloni
Negotiation in multi-agent systems.	Michael Luck
Neighbor-distinguishing k-tuple edge-colorings of graphs.	Jean-Luc Baril
Neighbor-friendly autonomous power control in wireless heterogeneous networks.	Luc Vandendorpe
Neighborhood Filtering Strategies for Overlay Construction in P2P-TV Systems: Design and Experimental Comparison.	Luca Abeni
Neighborhood Portfolio Approach for Local Search Applied to Timetabling Problems.	Luca Di Gaspero
Neighborhood View Consistency in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Mottola
Neighborhood Watch: Stochastic Gradient Descent with Neighbors.	Aurélien Lucchi
NeoIDL: A Domain Specific Language for Specifying REST Contracts Detailed Design and Extended Evaluation.	Lucas Lima
Nested Semantics over Finite Trees are Equationally Hard: Invited Talk.	Luca Aceto
Nested explanation in Aristotle and Mayr.	Lucas Mix
Nested semantics over finite trees are equationally hard.	Luca Aceto
Nested sequent calculi and theorem proving for normal conditional logics: The theorem prover NESCOND.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Nested sequent calculi for normal conditional logics.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Nesting House-designs.	Lucia Marino
Nesting analysis of mobile ambients.	Flaminia L. Luccio
NetCluster: A clustering-based framework to analyze internet passive measurements data.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Network Applications on Simultaneous Multithreading Processors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Network Coding Protocols for Data Gathering Applications.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Network Coding Protocols for Smart Grid Communications.	Daniel E. Lucani
Network Coding for Delay Tolerant Networks with Byzantine Adversaries	Lucile Sassatelli
Network Coding for Energy Efficiency in Wireless Body Area Networks	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Network Coding for Multi-Resolution Multicast	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Network Dynamics and Synchronous Activity in cultured Cortical Neurons.	Luca Berdondini
Network Dynamics: How Can We Find Patients Like Us?	Lu Lucy Yan
Network Inference from TraceRoute Measurements: Internet Topology `Species'	Luca Dall'Asta
Network Optimization Problems Subject to Max-Min Fair Flow Allocation.	Luca G. Gianoli
Network Resilience: A Measure of Network Fault Tolerance.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Network Role Analysis in the Study of Food Webs: An Application of Regular Role Coloration.	Joseph J. Luczkovich
Network Traffic Obfuscation and Automated Internet Censorship.	Lucas Dixon
Network Variation and Fault Tolerant Performance Acceleration in Mobile Devices with Simultaneous Remote Execution.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Network analysis on Skype end-to-end video quality.	Luca Druda
Network coded software defined networking: enabling 5G transmission and storage networks.	Daniel E. Lucani
Network coding for hop-by-hop communication enhancement in multi-hop networks.	Daniel E. Lucani
Network coding is the 5G Key Enabling Technology: effects and strategies to manage heterogeneous packet lengths.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Network decontamination in Presence of Local Immunity.	Fabrizio Luccio
Network decontamination under m-immunity.	Fabrizio Luccio
Network design and allocation considerations in the Hughes data-flow machine.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Network dismantling.	Luca Dall'Asta
Network externalities in a dynamic monopoly.	Luca Lambertini
Network integration of data and analysis of oncology interest.	Luciano Milanesi
Network monitoring and performance evaluation in a 3.5G network.	Luca Valentini
Network segregation in a model of misinformation and fact checking.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Network verification via routing table queries.	Luciano Gualà
Network-Coded Cooperation Over Time-Varying Channels.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Network-Level Power-Performance Trade-Off in Wearable Activity Recognition: A Dynamic Sensor Selection Approach.	Luca Benini
Network-on-Chip design and synthesis outlook.	Luca Benini
Networked Constrained Cyber-Physical Systems subject to malicious attacks: a resilient set-theoretic control approach.	Walter Lucia
Networking Anomaly Detection Using DSNs and Particle Swarm Optimization with Re-Clustering.	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Networking the country to promote health and scientific discovery.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Networks from Gene Expression Time Series: Characterization of Correlation Patterns.	Luciano Milanesi
Networks on Chips: A New SoC Paradigm.	Luca Benini
Neue Ergebnisse zur Sicherheit des Verschlüsselungsstandards AES.	Stefan Lucks
Neural Background Subtraction for Pan-Tilt-Zoom Cameras.	Lucia Maddalena
Neural Control of the Movements of a Wheelchair.	Luciano Boquete
Neural Correlates of Perceived Confidence in a Partial Report Paradigm.	Lucas C. Parra
Neural Network Method for Solving Partial Differential Equations.	Lucie P. Aarts
Neural Networks for Sequential Data: a Pre-training Approach based on Hidden Markov Models.	Luca Pasa
Neural cell classification by Wavelets and multiscale curvature.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Neural clustering for optimal KLT image compression.	Lucio Prina Ricotti
Neural computing models for prediction of permeability coefficient of coarse-grained soils.	Lucie Fojtova
Neural learning of embodied interaction dynamics.	Luc Berthouze
Neural mechanisms supporting the extraction of general knowledge across episodic memories.	Lucia M. Talamini
Neural network modelling and control for underwater vehicles.	J. Lucas
Neural networks for bandwidth selection in local linear regression of time series.	Maria Lucia Parrella
Neural networks for load torque monitoring of an induction motor.	Lucia Frosini
Neural networks involved in adolescent reward processing: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.	Monica Luciana
Neural networks with non-uniform embedding and explicit validation phase to assess Granger causality.	Luca Faes
Neural plasticity associated with recently versus often heard objects.	Lucas Spierer
Neural repetition suppression in ventral occipito-temporal cortex occurs during conscious and unconscious processing of frequent stimuli.	Luca De Palma
Neurobiology suggests the design of modular architectures for neural control.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Neuronal transport defects of the MAP6 KO mouse - a model of schizophrenia - and alleviation by Epothilone D treatment, as observed using MEMRI.	Emmanuel Luc Barbier
New Approaches to Clustering Data - Using the Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
New Classes of Globally Convexized Filled Functions for Global Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
New Developments and Cosine Effect in the Viscous Shallow Water and Quasi-geostrophic Equations.	C. Lucas
New Differential Cryptanalytic Results for Reduced-Round CAST-128.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
New Directions in 3D User Interfaces.	John F. Lucas
New Evaluation Commands for Maude Within Full Maude.	Salvador Lucas
New Formally Undecidable Propositions: Non-Trivial Lower Bounds on Proof Complexity and Related Theorems.	Horst Luckhardt
New Generation of Crystal Quartz Thin-Film Multijunction Thermal Converters.	Luciana Scarioni
New Logic Synthesis as Nanotechnology Enabler.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
New Method of Isotope Pattern Analysis.	Claudimir Lucio do Lago
New Method to Determine the Range of DVB-H Networks and the Influence of MPE-FEC Rate and Modulation Scheme.	Luc Martens
New Method to Measure End-to-End Delay of Virtual Reality.	Massimiliano Di Luca
New Nonoverlapping Domain Decomposition Methods for the Harmonic Maxwell System.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
New Performance Estimation Formula for Evolutionary Testing of Switch-Case Constructs.	Lucia Vacariu
New Proposal for a Common Command Language in Information Systems.	Luc Bernard
New Related-Key Boomerang Attacks on AES.	Stefan Lucks
New Results on a Continuously Differentiable Exact Penalty Function.	Stefano Lucidi
New System for Detecting Road Ice Formation.	Luca Mesin
New Technological Solutions for Recycling Spent Tire Rubber.	Carmine Lucignano
New algorithms for k-center and extensions.	Lucia Roth
New anisotropic a priori error estimates.	Luca Formaggia
New approaches in a 3-D one-carrier device solver.	Robert F. Lucas
New bounds for the solutions of second order linear differential equations.	Lucas Jódar
New calibration method for coaxial microcalorimeters.	Luciano Brunetti
New challenges in gene expression data analysis and the extended GEPAS.	Lucía Conde
New classes of perfectly orderable graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
New command circuit design for tuning high-Q pseudo 8-path switched-capacitor filter.	Lucien Dascalescu
New developments in the symmetry-adapted algorithm of the Polarizable Continuum Model.	Luca Frediani
New graphs related to (p, 6) and (p, 8)-cages.	Luc Gillibert
New implementation of Elliptic Systems Method for time dependent diffusion tomography with back reflected and transmitted boundary data.	Thomas R. Lucas
New indicators linking patenting and business R&D expenditure.	Luciano Lombardo
New method for the calculation of bond native polarity using molecular electronic energy.	Luca Baumer
New perspectives on a more-or-less familiar poverty index.	Lucio Esposito
New product development process: strategic and organisational success factors.	Lucia Avella
New qualification approach for optoelectronic components.	Jean-Luc Goudard
New sequential exact Euclidean distance transform algorithms based on convex analysis.	Yves Lucet
New techniques for efficiently assessing reliability of SOCs.	Luca Macchiarulo
New technologies in Portugal: regular middle and high school.	Lucas Sánchez
News from the Internet congestion control world	Luca Muscariello
Newton-Raphson Consensus for Distributed Convex Optimization.	Luca Schenato
Newtonian Limit for Weakly Viscoelastic Fluid Flows of Oldroyd Type.	Luc Molinet
Next generation IEEE 802.11 Wireless Local Area Networks: Current status, future directions and open challenges.	Luciano Bononi
Next generation elastic optical networks: The vision of the European research project IDEALIST.	Luca Potì
Next station in microarray data analysis: GEPAS.	Lucía Conde
No odd pairs in minimal imperfect NP5 graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
No, There Is No 150 ms Lead of Visual Speech on Auditory Speech, but a Range of Audiovisual Asynchronies Varying from Small Audio Lead to Large Audio Lag.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
NoC Synthesis Flow for Customized Domain Specific Multiprocessor Systems-on-Chip.	Luca Benini
Node Classification in Networks of Stochastic Evidence Accumulators	Luca Scardovi
Noise Limited Computational Speed	Luca Gammaitoni
Noise and Correlation Study of Quantum Hall Devices.	Luca Callegaro
Noise in the complex plane: open problems.	Luca Perotti
Noise-Loop Multiple Access.	Luca Simone Ronga
Noise-Power Optimization of Incremental Data Converters.	Luca Lucchese
Noise-Robust and Invariant Object Classification by the High-Order Statistical Pattern Spectrum.	Gian Luca Foresti
Non Delayed Relax-and-Cut Algorithms.	Abilio Lucena
Non Linear System for a Veritable PID Substitute	Lucian Luca
Non intrusive iterative stochastic spectral representation with application to compressible gas dynamics.	Didier Lucor
Non linear system become linear system	Lucian Luca
Non removable edges in 3-connected cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Non-Bayesian Inference: Causal Structure Trumps Correlation.	Christopher G. Lucas
Non-Bulk-Like Solvent Behavior in the Ribosome Exit Tunnel.	Del Lucent
Non-Générateurs Algébriques et Substitution.	Luc Boasson
Non-Linear Pre-Coding for Multiple-Antenna Multi-User Downlink Transmissions with Different QoS Requirements.	Luca Sanguinetti
Non-Linear Scale-Spaces Isomorphic to the Linear Case with Applications to Scalar, Vector and Multispectral Images.	Luc Florack
Non-Linear Scale-Spaces Isomorphic to the Linear Case with Applications to Scalar, Vector and Multispectral Images.	Luc Florack
Non-Repetitive Words Relative to a Rewriting System.	Aldo de Luca
Non-Strict Execution in Parallel and Distributed Computing.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Non-Transferable Proxy Re-Encryption Scheme for Data Dissemination Control.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Non-Zero Intercept Frequency: An Accurate Method to Determine the Integral Temperature of Li-Ion Batteries.	Luc H. J. Raijmakers
Non-binary Hybrid LDPC Codes: Structure, Decoding and Optimization	Lucile Sassatelli
Non-classical logics for knowledge representation and reasoning.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Non-collaborative Attackers and How and Where to Defend Flawed Security Protocols (Extended Version).	Luca Viganò 0001
Non-deterministic Conditionals and Transparent Truth.	Lucas Rosenblatt
Non-equilibrium phase transition in negotiation dynamics	Luca Dall'Asta
Non-existence of positive stationary solutions for a class of semi-linear PDEs with random coefficients.	Stephan Luckhaus
Non-interference Notions Based on Reveals and Excludes Relations for Petri Nets.	Lucia Pomello
Non-interference Notions Based on Reveals and Excludes Relations for Petri Nets.	Luca Bernardinello
Non-invasive estimation of local field potentials for neuroprosthesis control.	Lucas Perez
Non-isometric transforms in time series classification using DTW.	Maciej Luczak
Non-linear Feature Extraction by Redundancy Reduction in an Unsupervised Stochastic Neural Network.	Lucas C. Parra
Non-null Infinitesimal Micro-steps: a Metric Temporal Logic Approach	Luca Ferrucci
Non-parametric model selection for subject-specific topological organization of resting-state functional connectivity.	Luca Ferrarini
Non-rigid face tracking with enforced convexity and local appearance consistency constraint.	Simon Lucey
Non-sequential Recursive Pair Substitutions and Numerical Entropy Estimates in Symbolic Dynamical Systems.	Lucio M. Calcagnile
Non-trivial t-designs without repeated blocks exist for all t.	Luc Teirlinck
Non-trivial t-designs without repeated blocks exist for all t.	Luc Teirlinck
Non-uniform attacks against one-way functions and PRGs.	Luca Trevisan
Non-uniform multivariate embedding to assess the information transfer in cardiovascular and cardiorespiratory variability series.	Luca Faes
Non-uniform non-tensor product local interpolatory subdivision surfaces.	Lucia Romani
Nonbinary hybrid LDPC codes.	Lucile Sassatelli
Nonblocking and Safe Control of Discrete-Event Systems Modeled as Extended Finite Automata.	Lucien Ouedraogo
Nonblocking k -Compare-Single-Swap.	Victor Luchangco
Nonblocking memory management support for dynamic-sized data structures.	Victor Luchangco
Nonclairvoyant scheduling to minimize the total flow time on single and parallel machines.	Luca Becchetti
Noncombinatorial Detection of Regular Repetitions under Perspective Skew.	Luc J. Van Gool
Nonconventional on-board charger for electric vehicle propulsion batteries.	Luca Solero
Nonconventional three-wheel electric vehicle for urban mobility.	Luca Solero
Nondestructive determination of the steel fiber content in concrete slabs with an open-ended coaxial probe.	Luc Taerwe
Nondeterminism and an abstract formulation of Nečiporuk's lower bound method.	Luc Segoufin
Nondeterministic Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Nonholonomic behavior in redundant robots under kinematic control.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Nonholonomic path planning among obstacles subject to curvature restrictions.	Luciano E. Chiang
Nonisolated slow convergence in discrete dynamical systems.	Lucas Jódar Sánchez
Nonlinear Analysis of a Network of Three Continuous Stirred Tank Reactors with Periodic Feed Switching: Symmetry and Symmetry-Breaking.	Pier Luca Maffettone
Nonlinear Analysis of a Network of Three Continuous Stirred Tank Reactors with Periodic Feed Switching: Symmetry and Symmetry-Breaking.	Lucia Russo
Nonlinear Blind Parameter Estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Nonlinear Control and Disturbance Decoupling of HVAC Systems Using Feedback Linearization and Backstepping With Load Estimation.	Caro Lucas
Nonlinear Error Compensation for Load Cells Based on the Optimal Neural Network With an Augmented Lagrange Multiplier.	Lucai Wang
Nonlinear Fault Detection and Isolation in a Three-Tank Heating System.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Nonlinear Multivariate Regression Outperforms Several Concisely Designed Neural Networks on Three QSPR Data Sets.	Bono Lucic
Nonlinear Pressure Control for BBW Systems via Dead-Zone and Antiwindup Compensation.	Luca Zaccarian
Nonlinear antiwindup applied to Euler-Lagrange systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Nonlinear bounded-error state estimation of continuous-time systems.	Luc Jaulin
Nonlinear convection-dispersion models with a localized pollutant source, II - A class of inverse problems.	Luca Ridolfi
Nonlinear dynamic allocator for optimal input/output performance trade-off: Application to the JET tokamak shape controller.	Luca Zaccarian
Nonlinear dynamics in a Cournot duopoly with isoelastic demand.	Luca Gori
Nonlinear dynamics in a Cournot duopoly with isoelastic demand.	Luciano Fanti
Nonlinear dynamics in a Solow model with delay and non-convex technology.	Luca Guerrini
Nonlinear functional mapping of the human brain.	Jean-Luc Martinot
Nonlinear magnetohydrodynamics in axisymmetric heterogeneous domains using a Fourier/finite element technique and an interior penalty method.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Nonlinear mixed-effects modelling for single cell estimation: when, why, and how to use it.	Lucia Durrieu
Nonlinear noise harvesters for nanosensors.	Luca Gammaitoni
Nonlinear prediction by kriging, with application to noise cancellation.	Luc Pronzato
Nonlinear scale-space.	Luc Florack
Nonlinear scheduled anti-windup design for linear systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Nonlinear wavelet image processing: variational problems, compression, and noise removal through wavelet shrinkage.	Bradley J. Lucier
Nonminimum Phase Dynamic Inversion for Settle Time Applications.	Lucy Y. Pao
Nonmonotone curvilinear line search methods for unconstrained optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Nonnegative matrices in digital signal processing.	Luca Benvenuti
Nonnegative matrix factorization for rapid recovery of constituent spectra in magnetic resonance chemical shift imaging of the brain.	Lucas C. Parra
Nonparametric Change Detection in Multitemporal SAR Images Based on Mean-Shift Clustering.	Luciano Alparone
Nonrigid Point Set Matching of White Matter Tracts for Diffusion Tensor Image Analysis.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Nonrigid motion estimation from a sequence of degraded images.	Matteo Lucchetti
Nonsmooth Duality, Sandwich, and Squeeze Theorems.	R. E. Lucchetti
Nonsmooth Neural Network for Convex Time-Dependent Constraint Satisfaction Problems.	Luca Pancioni
Nonstandard numerical methods for a mathematical model for influenza disease.	Lucas Jódar
Nonstationary lattice quantization by a self-organizing neural network.	Lucio Prina Ricotti
Nonstationary regression with support vector machines.	Lucas C. Uzal
Nonuniform power instability and Lyapunov sequences.	Ioan-Lucian Popa
Nordhaus-Gaddum Results for the Induced Path Number of a Graph When Neither the Graph Nor Its Complement Contains Isolates.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Normal forms and normal theories in conditional rewriting.	Salvador Lucas
Normalized Differential Spectral Attenuation (NDSA) Measurements Between Two LEO Satellites: Performance Analysis in the Ku/K-Bands.	Luca Facheris
Normalized differential spectral attenuation (NDSA): a novel approach to estimate atmospheric water vapor along a LEO-LEO satellite link in the ku/K bands.	Luca Facheris
Normalizing the g-index.	Lucio Bertoli-Barsotti
Normative agent-based simulation for supply chain planning.	Luciano Ferreira
Norms, organizations, and semantics.	Michael Luck
Not all wireless sensor networks are created equal: A comparative study on tunnels.	Luca Mottola
Note on projective graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Note on the Structure of Kruskal's Algorithm.	Luc Devroye
Note on the change of Editor.	Lucy A. Tedd
Note sur la non existence d'un snark d'ordre 16.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Notes on ateleological information systems development.	Lucas D. Introna
Novel Patterns and Methods for Zooming Camera Calibration.	Luca Iocchi
Novel Similarity Measures for Differential Invariant Descriptors for Generic Object Retrieval.	Luc Florack
Novel Subcarrier-pair based Opportunistic DF Protocol for Cooperative Downlink OFDMA	Luc Vandendorpe
Novel concepts and challenges for the next generation of video surveillance systems.	Gian Luca Foresti
Novel concepts for device-to-device communication using network coding.	Daniel E. Lucani
Novel methods in computational finance.	Lucas Jódar Sánchez
Novelty-based Spatiotemporal Saliency Detection for Prediction of Gaze in Egocentric Video.	Lucas Paletta
Noyau de Treelets appliqué aux graphes étiquetés et aux graphes de cycles.	Luc Brun
Nuclear morphometry of neoplastic cells as a method for diagnosis of histiocytoma, mastocytoma and transmissible venereal tumor in dogs.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Nucleos: a web server for the identification of nucleotide-binding sites in protein structures.	Luca Parca
Numerical Calculation of Invariant Tori.	Luca Dieci
Numerical Computation of the Moments of a Probability Distribution from its Transform.	David M. Lucantoni
Numerical Experiences with New Truncated Newton Methods in Large Scale Unconstrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Numerical Experiments With an Overlapping Additive Schwarz Solver for 3-d pArallel Reservoir Simulation.	Luca F. Pavarino
Numerical Integration of a Class of Ordinary Differential Equations on the General Linear Group of Matrices.	Luciano Lopez
Numerical Methods for Parameter Estimation in Poisson Data Inversion.	Luca Zanni
Numerical Modeling and Experimental Measurements of the Electric Potential Generated by Cochlear Implants in Physiological Tissues.	Luca di Rienzo
Numerical Modeling of Nanoparticles Tracking in the Blood Stream.	Lucia Val'ová
Numerical Safety Study of Currents Induced in the Patient During Rotations in the Static Field Produced by a Hybrid MRI-LINAC System.	Luca L. Zilberti
Numerical Simulation of Particle Transport in a Drift Ratchet.	Ioan Lucian Muntean
Numerical Solution of Piecewise-Stationary Mt/Gt/1 Queues.	David M. Lucantoni
Numerical Solution of Steady State Heat Flow Problems Over Curved Domains.	R. W. Luczak
Numerical Solution of a Parabolic Inverse Problem in Optical Tomography Using Experimental Data.	Thomas R. Lucas
Numerical Solution of a Subsurface Imaging Inverse Problem.	Thomas R. Lucas
Numerical Steady-State Analysis of Nonlinear Analog Circuits Driven by Multitone Signals.	Lucia Dumitriu
Numerical Treatment of Defective Boundary Conditions for the Navier-Stokes Equations.	Luca Formaggia
Numerical analysis and computing for option pricing models in illiquid markets.	Lucas Jódar
Numerical analysis and computing of a non-arbitrage liquidity model with observable parameters for derivatives.	Lucas Jódar
Numerical analysis and simulation of option pricing problems modeling illiquid markets.	Lucas Jódar
Numerical analysis of worst-case end-to-end delay bounds in FIFO tandem networks.	Luca Bisti
Numerical analysis of worst-case end-to-end delay bounds in FIFO tandem networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Numerical and Statistical Methods for the Coarse-Graining of Many-Particle Stochastic Systems.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Numerical comparison between two spherical harmonics expansion models and a kinetic equation.	Luc Mieussens
Numerical comparisons of nonlinear programming algorithms on serial and vector processors using automatic differentiation.	Lucio Grandinetti
Numerical enclosures of the optimal cost of the Kantorovitch's mass transportation problem.	Philippe Lucidarme
Numerical methods and mathematical modelling in biology, medicine and social sciences.	Lucas Jódar Sánchez
Numerical methods based controller design for mobile robots.	Lucía Quintero Montoya
Numerical methods for A-optimal designs with a sparsity constraint for ill-posed inverse problems.	Christian Lucero
Numerical methods for instability mitigation in the modeling of laser wakefield accelerators in a Lorentz-boosted frame.	Jean-Luc Vay
Numerical recovery strategies for parallel resilient Krylov linear solvers.	Luc Giraud
Numerical simulation of particle accelerators.	Alfredo U. Luccio
Numerical simulation of pharyngeal airflow applied to obstructive sleep apnea: effect of the nasal cavity in anatomically accurate airway models.	Anthony D. Lucey
Numerical simulation of the position and orientation effects on the impedance response of nanoelectrode array biosensors to DNA and PNA strands.	Luca Selmi
Numerical simulation of the trajectories of insulating particles in a tribo-aero-electrostatic separator.	Lucien Dascalescu
Numerical solution of fractional differential equations with a collocation method based on Müntz polynomials.	Yury F. Luchko
Numerical solution of modified Black-Scholes equation pricing stock options with discrete dividend.	Lucas Jódar
Numerical solution of random differential equations: A mean square approach.	Lucas Jódar
Numerical solution of random differential models.	Lucas Jódar
Numerical solution of under-resolved detonations.	Luca Tosatto
Numerical stability analysis of the pseudo-spectral analytical time-domain PIC algorithm.	Jean-Luc Vay
Numerical stability of relativistic beam multidimensional PIC simulations employing the Esirkepov algorithm.	Jean-Luc Vay
Numerical study of SARS epidemic model with the inclusion of diffusion in the system.	David Lucy
Numerical study of an influenza epidemic model with diffusion.	David Lucy
Numerical testing of a programmable microcontroller with fuzzy and adaptive features.	Lucia Faravelli
O Ambiente Visual Spider para o Desenvolvimento de Aplicações para a Internet.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
O Ensino de IHC Potencializando Ideias Empreendedoras.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
OAE: The Ontology of Adverse Events.	Luca Toldo
OCReP: An Optimally Conditioned Regularization for Pseudoinversion Based Neural Training.	Luca Rubini
OCReP: An Optimally Conditioned Regularization for pseudoinversion based neural training.	Luca Rubini
OFMC: A symbolic model checker for security protocols.	Luca Viganò 0001
OH PLIF visualization of the UVa supersonic combustion experiment: configuration A.	Luca M. L. Cantu
OInduced: An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Induced Patterns From Rooted Ordered Trees.	Caro Lucas
OLAPing Field Data: a Theoretical and Implementation Framework.	Luca Paolino
OMUS: an optimized multimedia service for the home environment.	Luc Martens
OORS: An object-oriented rewrite system.	Philipp Lucas
OPQ: OT-Based Private Querying in VANETs.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
ORBSLAM-based Endoscope Tracking and 3D Reconstruction.	Luc Soler
ORFeus: detection of distant homology using sequence profiles and predicted secondary structure.	Lucjan Stanislaw Wyrwicz
OSHI - Open Source Hybrid IP/SDN networking (and its emulation on Mininet and on distributed SDN testbeds).	Luca Prete
OSHI - Open Source Hybrid IP/SDN networking and Mantoo - a set of management tools for controlling SDN/NFV experiments.	Luca Prete
OSoMe: The IUNI observatory on social media.	Luca Maria Aiello
OSoMe: The IUNI observatory on social media.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Object Detection and Tracking for Autonomous Navigation in Dynamic Environments.	Luc J. Van Gool
Object Motion Detection and Tracking by an Artificial Intelligence Approach.	Lucia Maddalena
Object Tracking with an Adaptive Color-Based Particle Filter.	Luc J. Van Gool
Object and Action Classification with Latent Window Parameters.	Luc J. Van Gool
Object oriented coding using 3D motion estimation.	Luciano Sbaiz
Object recognition and tracking for remote video surveillance.	Gian Luca Foresti
Object structure and action requirements: A compatibility model for functional recognition.	Lucia M. Vaina
Object swapping challenges: An evaluation of imageSegment.	Luc Fabresse
Objective-derivative-free methods for constrained optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Obligations as constrainers, descriptors, and linkers of Open System of Systems.	Jean-Luc Koning
Observer design via Immersion and Invariance for vision-based leader-follower formation control.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Observer-based control for time-varying delay neural networks with nonlinear observation.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Observing and Modeling Multifrequency Scattering of Maize During the Whole Growth Cycle.	Luca Ninivaggi
Obstacle Modelling Oriented to Safe Motion Planning and Control for Planar Rigid Robot Manipulators.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
Obtaining biophysical measurements of woody vegetation from high resolution digital aerial photography in tropical and arid environments: Northern Territory, Australia.	Arko Lucieer
Obtaining fuzzy rules from interval-censored data with genetic algorithms and a random sets-based semantic of the linguistic labels.	Luciano Sánchez
Obtaining linguistic fuzzy rule-based regression models from imprecise data with multiobjective genetic algorithms.	Luciano Sánchez
Obtaining transparent models of chaotic systems with multi-objective simulated annealing algorithms.	Luciano Sánchez
Occamflow: A Methodology for Programming Multiprocessor Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Octree particle management for DSMC and PIC simulations.	Jean-Luc Cambier
Odds-On Trees	Luc Devroye
Office Procedure as Practical Action: Models of Work and System Design.	Lucy A. Suchman
Official Statistics Data Integration for Enhanced Information Quality.	Luciana Dalla Valle
Offline optimization for user-specific hybrid recommender systems.	Luc Martens
Old Hopes, New Possibilities: Next-Generation Catalogues and the Centralization of Access.	Lucas Mak
Older adults' experiences and perceptions of digital technology: (Dis)empowerment, wellbeing, and inclusion.	Lucy R. Betts
Olympus: The Cloud of Sensors.	Luci Pirmez
Omnidirectional Vision Based Topological Navigation.	Luc J. Van Gool
On "Axiomatising Finite Concurrent Processes".	Luca Aceto
On "uniformity" in definitions of global asymptotic stability for time-varying nonlinear systems.	Luca Zaccarian
On $(P_5,\bar{P_5})$-sparse graphs and other families	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On (Kq, k) Stable Graphs with Small k.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On (Kq, k) vertex stable graphs with minimum size.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Adopting Kripke Semantics in Set Theory.	Luca Incurvati
On Approximating the Distributions of goodness-of-Fit Test Statistics Based on the Empirical Distribution Function: the Case of Unknown Parameters.	Lucia Alessi
On Approximation Scheme Preserving Reducibility and Its Applications.	Luca Trevisan
On Available Corpora for Empirical Methods in Vision & Language.	Lucy Vanderwende
On Balanced Coloring Games in Random Graphs.	Luca Gugelmann
On Bellissima's construction of the finitely generated free Heyting algebras, and beyond.	Luck Darnière
On Binary Methods.	Luca Cardelli
On Bispecial Factors of the Thue-Morse Word.	Aldo de Luca
On Cahit's Result on Graceful Permutations.	Fabrizio Luccio
On Capacity Scaling of Underwater Networks: An Information-Theoretic Perspective	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On Chaos and Neural Networks: The Backpropagation Paradigm.	Luc Neuberg
On Christoffel and standard words and their derivatives.	Aldo de Luca
On Christoffel and standard words and their derivatives.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
On Coding for Delay - Network Coding for Time-Division Duplexing.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On Compatible Normal Odd Partitions in Cubic Graphs	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Compatible Normal Odd Partitions in Cubic Graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Computational Complexity of Contextual Languages.	Lucian Ilie
On Continuous-Time White Phase Noise Channels.	Luca Barletta
On Curvature Estimation of ISO Surfaces in 3D Gray-Value Images and the Computation of Shape Descriptors.	Lucas J. van Vliet
On Deep Representation Learning from Noisy Web Images.	Alexandru-Lucian Gînsca
On Delay-Dependent Robust Stability Under Model Transformation of Some Neutral Systems.	Luc Dugard
On Democracy in Peer-to-Peer systems	Luca Alessi
On Differentially Private Longest Increasing Subsequence Computation in Data Stream.	Luca Bonomi
On Dynamic Decision Making to Meet Consumption Targets.	Lucy Gongtao Chen
On Dynamic Speculative Thread Partitioning and the MEM-Slicing Algorithm.	Lucian Codrescu
On Erdős' extremal problem on matchings in hypergraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On Erdős-Gallai and Havel-Hakimi algorithms	L. Lucz
On Even-Degree Subgraphs of Linear Hypergraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On Exploration of Classifier Ensemble Synergism in Pedestrian Detection.	Luciano Oliveira
On Fan Raspaud Conjecture	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Fibonacci numbers which are elliptic Carmichael.	Florian Luca
On Finding the Maxima of a Set of Vectors.	Fabrizio Luccio
On Finitely Recognizable Semigroups.	Aldo de Luca
On Formalised Computer Programs.	David C. Luckham
On Fulkerson conjecture	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Fulkerson conjecture.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Generating Binary Words Palindromically.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On Generic Identifiability of 3-Tensors of Small Rank.	Luca Chiantini
On Geometric Modeling of the Human Intracranial Venous System.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
On Global Costs and Nyquist's Theorem in Random Variate Generation.	Luc Devroye
On Global Types and Multi-Party Session	Luca Padovani
On Graphs with Induced Matching Number Almost Equal to Matching Number.	Lucia Draque Penso
On Hidden Algebra Semantics of Object Oriented Languages.	Dorel Lucanu
On I-sparse graphs and other families: Extended abstract.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Induced Ramsey Numbers for Graphs with Bounded Maximum Degree.	Tomasz Luczak
On Iterative Soft-Decision Decoding of Linear Binary Block Codes and Product Codes.	Rainer Lucas
On Jacobi-type methods for blind equalization of paraunitary channels.	Luc Deneire
On K4-Free Subgraphs of Random Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On Learning versus Distinguishing and the Minimal Hardware Complexity of Pseudorandom Function Generators	Stefan Lucks
On Local Versus Global Satisfiability.	Luca Trevisan
On Local versus Global Satisfiability	Luca Trevisan
On MIMO Detection Under Non-Gaussian Target Scattering.	Luca Venturino
On Making Two Steiner Triple Systems Disjoint.	Luc Teirlinck
On Matchings in Hypergraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On Maximally Inflected Hyperbolic Curves.	Lucia López de Medrano
On Maximum-Likelihood Timing Synchronization.	Luc Vandendorpe
On Memory Accelerated Signal Processing within Software Defined Radios	Luca Rose
On Minimal Imperfect Graphs Without Induced P5.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Modal µ -Calculus and Gödel-Löb Logic.	Luca Alberucci
On Modal μ-Calculus and Non-Well-Founded Set Theory.	Luca Alberucci
On Multiplicative Magic Squares.	Florian Luca
On Nash equilibria for multicast transmissions in ad-hoc wireless networks.	Luca Moscardelli
On Noncounting Regular Classes.	Aldo de Luca
On Optimal Policies for Network-Coded Cooperation: Theory and Implementation.	Daniel E. Lucani
On Orthomodular Posets Generated by Transition Systems.	Luca Bernardinello
On Orthomodular Posets Generated by Transition Systems.	Lucia Pomello
On POD reduced models of tubular reactor with periodic regimes.	Lucia Russo
On Parallel Computation of Blood Flow in Human Arterial Network Based on 1-D Modelling.	Luca Formaggia
On Parsimonious Edge-Colouring of Graphs with Maximum Degree Three.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On Pell numbers and (k1, A1, k2, A2, k3, A3)-edge colouring in graphs.	Lucyna Trojnar-Spelina
On Preserving Structural and Behavioural Properties by Composing Net Systems on Interfaces.	Lucia Pomello
On Preserving Structural and Behavioural Properties by Composing Net Systems on Interfaces.	Luca Bernardinello
On Projective and Affine Hyperplanes.	Luc Teirlinck
On Punctured Pragmatic Space-Time Codes in Block Fading Channel	Luca Stabellini
On Quasi Orders of Words and the Confluence Property.	Lucian Ilie
On Ramsey Minimal Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On Random Cartesian Trees.	Luc Devroye
On Random Generation of the Symmetic Group.	Tomasz Luczak
On Rational Closure in Description Logics of Typicality	Gian Luca Pozzato
On Recognizing a String on an Anonymous Ring.	Flaminia L. Luccio
On Reductions of NP Sets to Sparse Sets.	Luc Longpré
On Refinement in Rewriting Logic.	Dorel Lucanu
On Regular Characterizations of Languages by Grammar Systems.	Lucian Ilie
On Restricting Subsets of Bases in Relatively Free Groups.	Lucas Sabalka
On Rotations and the Generation of Binary Trees.	Joan M. Lucas
On Roth, Korth, and Silberschatz's Extended Algebra and Calculus for Nested Relational Databases.	Lucy Garnett
On Rule Formats for Zero and Unit Elements.	Luca Aceto
On Secure Transmission over Parallel Relay Eavesdropper Channel	Luc Vandendorpe
On Sessions and Infinite Data.	Luca Padovani
On Some Manipulations with Fuzzy Processes	Lucian Luca
On Some Manipulations with Fuzzy Processes	Lucian L. Luca
On Some Properties of Quadratic Programs with a Convex Quadratic Constraint.	Stefano Lucidi
On Some Properties of Very Pure Codes.	Aldo de Luca
On Some Properties of the Syntactic Semigroup of a Very Pure Subsemigroup.	Aldo de Luca
On Sparsity Inducing Regularization Methods for Machine Learning	Luca Baldassarre
On Steiner Spaces.	Luc Teirlinck
On Subtyping and Matching.	Luca Cardelli
On Sufficient Conditions of the Injectivity: Development of a Numerical Test Algorithm via Interval Analysis.	Luc Jaulin
On Sugeno integral as an aggregation function.	Jean-Luc Marichal
On Symmetry of Information and Polynomial Time Invertibility	Luc Longpré
On The Motion of Dispersed Balls in a Potential Flow: A Kinetic Description of the Added Mass Effect.	Brigitte Lucquin-Desreux
On The Structure Of Triangle-Free Graphs Of Large Minimum Degree.	Tomasz Luczak
On Understanding Types, Data Abstraction, and Polymorphism.	Luca Cardelli
On Voronoi Diagrams and Medial Axes.	Luciano da F. Costa
On Weighted vs Unweighted Versions of Combinatorial Optimization Problems.	Luca Trevisan
On Welfare Approximation and Stable Pricing.	Brendan Lucier
On Well Quasi Orders of Free Monoids.	Lucian Ilie
On Worst-Case Robin Hood Hashing.	Luc Devroye
On Worst-Case to Average-Case Reductions for NP Problems	Luca Trevisan
On Worst-Case to Average-Case Reductions for NP Problems.	Luca Trevisan
On a Class of Hierarchical Formations of Unicycles and Their Internal Dynamics.	Luca Consolini
On a Conjecture about Slender Context-Free Languages.	Lucian Ilie
On a Conjecture of Lovász Concerning Bricks: I. The Characteristic of a Matching Covered Graph.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
On a Conjecture of Lovász Concerning Bricks: II. Bricks of Finite Characteristic.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
On a Family of 4-Critical Graphs with Diameter Three.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
On a Geometric Problem of Zigzags.	Lucian Ilie
On a New Boolean Function with Applications.	Fabrizio Luccio
On a Question of A. Salomaa: The Equational Theory of Regular Expressions Over a Singleton Alphabet is not Finitely Based.	Luca Aceto
On a System of Equations of a Non-Newtonian Micropolar Fluid.	E. F. L. Lucena
On a conjecture of Erdos and Stewart.	Florian Luca
On a conjecture of Murty and Simon on diameter 2-critical graphs.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
On a distance representation of Kantorovich potentials.	Luca Granieri
On a family of cubic graphs containing the flower snarks	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On a formula for the h-index.	Lucio Bertoli-Barsotti
On a generalization of Abelian equivalence and complexity of infinite words	Luca Q. Zamboni
On a generalization of Abelian equivalence and complexity of infinite words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On a generalization of a conjecture of Ehrenfeucht.	Aldo de Luca
On a nonlinear discrete hyperbolic system.	Rodica Luca
On a scheme for parallel sorting on heterogeneous clusters.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
On a system of second-order multi-point boundary value problems.	Rodica Luca
On additive properties of sets defined by the Thue-Morse word.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On an involution of Christoffel words and Sturmian morphisms.	Aldo de Luca
On automatic infinite permutations	Luca Q. Zamboni
On automatic infinite permutations.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On balanced coloring games in random graphs.	Luca Gugelmann
On best response dynamics in weighted congestion games with polynomial delays.	Luca Moscardelli
On bipartite graphs with weak density of some subgraphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On bridging theory and practice of inter-session network coding for CSMA/CA based wireless multi-hop networks.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On calibration data selection: The case of stormwater quality regression models.	Jean-Luc Bertrand-Krajewski
On certain applications of the Hadamard product.	Lucyna Trojnar-Spelina
On circular-arc graphs having a model with no three arcs covering the circle.	Luciano N. Grippo
On clique-complete graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
On computational issues of immersed finite element methods.	Lucy T. Zhang
On computing the entropy of cellular automata.	Luciano Margara
On condensed representations of constrained frequent patterns.	Claudio Lucchese
On delay-dependent stability for linear neutral systems.	Luc Dugard
On diamond-free subposets of the Boolean lattice.	Lucas Kramer
On different generalizations of episturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
On different generalizations of episturmian words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On different generalizations of episturmian words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
On duality in multiple objective linear programming.	Dinh The Luc
On efficient balanced codes over the mth roots of unity.	Luca G. Tallini
On efficient high-order spectral-null codes.	Luca G. Tallini
On eigenvalue distribution of constraint-preconditioned symmetric saddle point matrices.	Luca Bergamaschi
On epsilon-Biased Generators in NC0	Luca Trevisan
On epsilon-biased generators in NC0.	Luca Trevisan
On establishing the essential components of a technology-dependent framework: a strawman framework for industrial case study-based research.	Lucas Layman
On exact Kalman filtering of polynomial systems.	Mihai Bogdan Luca
On exponential stability for linear discrete-time systems in Banach spaces.	Ioan-Lucian Popa
On extraordinary rules of quad-based interpolatory subdivision schemes.	Lucia Romani
On family of cubic graphs containing flower snarks.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On finite fields for pairing based cryptography.	Florian Luca
On finite gain Lp stability of nonlinear sampled-data systems.	Luca Zaccarian
On first-order topological queries.	Luc Segoufin
On fuzzy repetitions detection in documentation reuse.	Dmitry Luciv
On gain errors in a linear prediction vocoder using residual energy excitation.	Luc Vanhove
On generalized Popov theory for delay systems.	Luc Dugard
On generating binary words palindromically.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On graphs of central episturmian words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On graphs of central episturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
On graphs without P5 and P5_.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On hamiltonian claw-free graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On iBGP Routing Policies.	Luca Cittadini
On induced Ramsey numbers.	Tomasz Luczak
On input allocation-based regulation for linear over-actuated systems.	Luca Zaccarian
On isomorphic linear partitions in cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On isomorphic linear partitions in cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On k-leaf connectivity of a random graph.	Tomasz Luczak
On languages satisfying Ogden's lemma.	Luc Boasson
On lengths of words in context-free languages.	Lucian Ilie
On linear k-arboricity.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On m-centers in Pt-free graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On malfunctioning software.	Luciano Floridi
On marginal likelihood computation in change-point models.	Luc Bauwens
On minimal Folkman graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On minimal cutsets in P5-free minimal imperfect graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On minimal factorizations of words as products of palindromes	Luca Q. Zamboni
On minimum (Kq, k) stable graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On minimum variance thresholding.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
On mixed variational relation problems.	Dinh The Luc
On model consistency in compartmental systems identification.	Luca Benvenuti
On modular decompositions of system signatures.	Jean-Luc Marichal
On multiple burst-correcting MDS codes.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
On multiprocessor temperature-aware scheduling problems.	Giorgio Lucarelli
On multisets of hook lengths of partitions.	Lucia Morotti
On neuro-wavelet modeling.	Jean-Luc Starck
On normal odd partitions in cubic graphs	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On normal partitions in cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On odd and semi-odd linear partitions of cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools.	Luca Iandoli
On optimal cooperative conflict resolution for air traffic management systems.	Lucia Pallottino
On orthonormal Muntz-Laguerre filters.	Luc Knockaert
On parcimonious edge-colouring of graphs with maximum degree three	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On particle movers in cylindrical geometry for Particle-In-Cell simulations.	Gian Luca Delzanno
On pathological Truths.	Lucas Rosenblatt
On prefixal factorizations of words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On prefixal factorizations of words.	Aldo de Luca
On probe co-bipartite and probe diamond-free graphs.	Luciano Norberto Grippo
On process rate semantics.	Luca Cardelli
On projecting processes into session types.	Luca Padovani
On quadratic two-parameter families of spheres and their envelopes.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
On removable edges in 3-connected cubic graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On rendezvous control with randomly switching communication graphs.	Luca Schenato
On representations of positive integers in the Fibonacci base.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On reverse concatenation and soft decoding algorithms for PRML magnetic recording channels.	Luca Reggiani
On scale and concentration invariance in entropies.	Luc Knockaert
On semi-P4-sparse graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On shortest path games.	Luciano Méndez-Naya
On signal-to-noise ratio-assisted crosstalk channel estimation in downstream DSL systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
On signature-based expressions of system reliability.	Jean-Luc Marichal
On simulation and properties of the stable law.	Luc Devroye
On single-path network routing subject to max-min fair flow allocation.	Luca G. Gianoli
On sociomaterial imbrications: What plagiarism detection systems reveal and why it matters.	Lucas D. Introna
On solving the forward kinematics of 3RPR planar parallel manipulator using hybrid metaheuristics.	Luc Rolland
On some classes of structured matrices with algebraic trigonometric eigenvalues.	Luca Gemignani
On some combinatorial problems in free monoids.	Aldo de Luca
On some conjectures on cubic 3-connected graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On some problems related to palindrome closure.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On some problems related to palindrome closure.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
On some problems related to palindrome closure.	Aldo de Luca
On some variations of coloring problems of infinite words.	Aldo de Luca
On some variations of coloring problems of infinite words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On stackelberg pricing with computationally bounded customers.	Luciano Gualà
On strategies for automatic bridge balancing.	Luca Callegaro
On strongly context-free languages.	Lucian Ilie
On synchronization techniques: performance and impact on time metrics monitoring.	Stefano Lucetti
On system failure probability density function.	Luca Campioni
On tables of contents and how to recognize them.	Jean-Luc Meunier
On termination detection in crash-prone distributed systems with failure detectors.	Lucia Draque Penso
On the 2D bioheat equation with convective boundary conditions and its numerical realization via a highly accurate approach.	Luciano Bedin
On the Accuracy of the Solution of Linear Problems on the CELL Processor.	Jean Luc Lamotte
On the Actual Inefficiency of Efficient Negotiation Methods	Luca Barzanti
On the Ambiguity of Commercial Open Source	Lucian Luca
On the Analysis of Reed Solomon Coding for Resilience to Transient/Permanent Faults in Highly Reliable Memories	Luca Schiano
On the Approximability of TSP on Local Modifications of Optimally Solved Instances.	Luca Forlizzi
On the Approximability of the Multi-dimensional Euclidean TSP	Luca Trevisan
On the Approximation of Stochastic Concurrent Constraint Programming by Master Equation.	Luca Bortolussi
On the Approximation of the Slot Occupancy Pattern in a DQDB Network.	Luciano Lenzini
On the Automatic Generation of Optimized Software-Based Self-Test Programs for VLIW Processors.	Luca Sterpone
On the Axioms of Scale Space Theory.	Luc Florack
On the B-splines effective completeness.	Luca Argenti
On the Behaviour of Deviant Communities in Online Social Networks.	Claudio Lucchese
On the Behaviour of Deviant Communities in Online Social Networks.	Luca Maria Aiello
On the Calibration of Direct-Current Current Transformers (DCCT).	Luca Callegaro
On the Centers of a Language.	Aldo de Luca
On the Choosability of Claw-Free Perfect Graphs.	Lucas Pastor
On the Coarsening Rates for Attachment-Limited Kinetics.	Luca Mugnai
On the Combinatorics of Finite Words.	Aldo de Luca
On the Comparison of HOL and Boyer-Moore for Formal Hardware Verification.	Luc J. M. Claesen
On the Complexity of Permuting Records in Magnetic Bubble Memory Systems.	Fabrizio Luccio
On the Complexity of Polynomial Zeros.	Luca Gemignani
On the Complexity of Removing Z-Cycles from a Checkpoints and Communication Pattern.	Luca Allulli
On the Complexity of Sorting in Magnetic Bubble Memory Systems.	Fabrizio Luccio
On the Complexity of Time-Dependent Shortest Paths.	Luca Foschini
On the Complexity of the Regenerator Cost Problem in General Networks with Traffic Grooming.	Luca Moscardelli
On the Computational Complexity of Marcus Contextual Languages.	Lucian Ilie
On the Computational Complexity of Querying Bounds on Differences Constraints.	Luca Console
On the Connection between the Undirected and the Acyclic Directed Two Disjoint Paths Problem.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
On the Controllability of Anomalous Diffusions Generated by the Fractional Laplacian.	Luc Miller
On the Convergence of Multicast Games in Directed Networks.	Luca Moscardelli
On the Convergence of Population Protocols When Population Goes to Infinity	Lucas Gerin
On the Convergence of Statistical Search.	Luc Devroye
On the Decidability of Semilinearity for Semialgebraic Sets and Its Implications for Spatial Databases - CORRIGENDUM.	Luc Vandeurzen
On the Decidability of Semilinearity for Semialgebraic Sets and Its Implications for Spatial Databases.	Luc Vandeurzen
On the Delay Distribution of Random Linear Network Coding.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On the Design and Implementation of Broadcast and Global Combine Operations Using the Postal Model.	Luc De Coster
On the Design of Amplify-and-Forward MIMO-OFDM Relay Systems With QoS Requirements Specified as Schur-Convex Functions of the MSEs.	Luca Sanguinetti
On the Design of Highly Accurate and Efficient IIR and FIR Filters.	Lucas Monzón
On the Diameter and Radius of Random Subgraphs of the Cube.	Tomasz Luczak
On the Distributed Decision-Making Complexity of the Minimum Vertex Cover Problem.	Luca Trevisan
On the Dynamical Behavior of Chaotic Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
On the Effects of Frequency Scaling Over Capacity Scaling in Underwater Networks - Part I: Extended Network Model.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On the Effects of Frequency Scaling Over Capacity Scaling in Underwater Networks - Part II: Dense Network Model.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On the Efficiency of Polynomial Time Approximation Schemes	Luca Trevisan
On the Efficiency of Polynomial Time Approximation Schemes.	Luca Trevisan
On the Efficiency of the Walrasian Mechanism.	Brendan Lucier
On the Equivalence between the Sigmoidal Approach and Utkin's Approach for Piecewise-Linear Models of Gene Regulatory Networks.	Luciano Lopez
On the Equivalence of Maximum SNR and MMSE Estimation: Applications to Additive Non-Gaussian Channels and Quantized Observations.	Luca Rugini
On the Equivalence of Maximum SNR and MMSE Estimation: Applications to Additive Non-Gaussian Channels and Quantized Observations.	Luca Rugini
On the Error in QR Integration.	Luca Dieci
On the Existence of Small Periodic Solutions for the 2-Dimensional Inverted Pendulum on a Cart.	Luca Consolini
On the Existence of Symmetric Algorithms to Find Leaders in Networks of Communicating Sequential Processes.	Luc Bougé
On the Existence of a Finite Base for Complete Trace Equivalence over BPA with Interrupt.	Luca Aceto
On the Expected Height of Fringe-Balanced Trees.	Luc Devroye
On the Expected Maximum Degree of Gabriel and Yao Graphs	Luc Devroye
On the Expressiveness of Links in Hypertext Systems.	Luc Moreau
On the Expressiveness of Probabilistic and Prioritized Data-retrieval in Linda.	Roberto Lucchi
On the Expressiveness of Subset-Sum Representations.	Lucian Ilie
On the Factors of the Thue-Morse Word on Three Symbols.	Aldo de Luca
On the Generation of Random Binary Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
On the Global Convergence of Derivative-Free Methods for Unconstrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
On the Green's function of the partially diffusion-controlled reversible ABCD reaction for radiation chemistry codes.	Luc Devroye
On the Hardness of Almost-Sure Termination.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
On the Height of Height-Balanced Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
On the Height of Random m-ary Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
On the Horton-Strahler Number for Random Tries.	Luc Devroye
On the Impact of Fair Best Response Dynamics	Luca Moscardelli
On the Impact of TCP and Per-Flow Scheduling on Internet Performance.	Luca Muscariello
On the Implementation of a Probabilistic Equalizer for Low-Cost Impulse Radio UWB in High Data Rate.	Jean-Luc Danger
On the Implementation of the Probabilistic Logic Programming Language ProbLog	Luc De Raedt
On the Impossibility of Black-Box Transformations in Mechanism Design	Brendan Lucier
On the Inequality of Cover and Hart in Nearest Neighbor Discrimination.	Luc Devroye
On the Integration of Application Level and Resource Level QoS Control for Real-time Applications.	Luca Abeni
On the Interplay Between Morphological, Neural, and Environmental Dynamics: A Robotic Case Study.	Luc Berthouze
On the Koksma-Hlawka inequality.	Luca Brandolini
On the Lambert-W function for constrained resource allocation in cooperative networks.	Luc Vandendorpe
On the Length and Area Regularization for Multiphase Level Set Segmentation.	Luca Bertelli
On the Linear Codes Arising from Schubert Varieties.	Lucio Guerra
On the Local Minima of the Order of Appearance Function.	Florian Luca
On the Location Error of Curved Edges in Low-Pass Filtered 2-D and 3-D Images.	Lucas J. van Vliet
On the Logical Unsolvability of the Gettier Problem.	Luciano Floridi
On the Low-Rank Approximation of Data on the Unit Sphere.	Luciano Lopez
On the Lower Bound of the Linear Complexity Over BBF_p of Sidelnikov Sequences.	Florian Luca
On the Markovian efficiency of Bertrand and Cournot equilibria.	Luca Colombo
On the Maximization of Information Flow Between Spiking Neurons.	Lucas C. Parra
On the Methodology for Calculating SFN Gain in Digital Broadcast Systems.	Luc Martens
On the Minimum FLOPs Problem in the Sparse Cholesky Factorization.	Robert Luce
On the Models for Asynchronous Circuit Behaviour with OR Causality.	Luciano Lavagno
On the Morality of Artificial Agents.	Luciano Floridi
On the Mosaic Method for Many-Dimensional Modal Logics: A Case Study Combining Tense and Modal Operators.	Luca Viganò 0001
On the Most Efficient and Versatile Real-Time Image Processing System - A Review of The Computational Brain, by P. S. Churchland and T. J. Sejnowski.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
On the Nash Equilibria in Decentralized Parallel Interference Channels	Luca Rose
On the Need for Signal-Coherent Watermarks.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
On the Non-Existence of Certain Hyperovals in Dual Andre Planes of Order 22h.	Luca Giuzzi
On the Nonhomogeneous Navier-Stokes System with Navier Friction Boundary Conditions.	Lucas C. F. Ferreira
On the Number of Perfect Matchings in a Bipartite Graph.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
On the Number of RF Chains and Phase Shifters, and Scheduling Design With Hybrid Analog-Digital Beamforming.	Luc Vandendorpe
On the Number of Sparse Connected Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On the One-Way Function Candidate Proposed by Goldreich.	Luca Trevisan
On the One-Way Function Candidate Proposed by Goldreich.	Luca Trevisan
On the Optimal Design of Triple Modular Redundancy Logic for SRAM-based FPGAs	Luca Sterpone
On the Optimum Energy Efficiency for Flat-Fading Channels with Rate-dependent Circuit Power.	Luc Vandendorpe
On the Optimum Energy Efficiency for Flat-fading Channels with Rate-dependent Circuit Power.	Luc Vandendorpe
On the Order Optimality of Large-scale Underwater Networks	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On the Performance of Clustering in Hilbert Spaces.	Luc Devroye
On the Performance of IEEE 802.11e Wireless Infrastructures for Soft-Real-Time Industrial Applications.	Lucia Seno
On the Perspectives Opened by Right Angle Crossing Drawings.	Luca Cittadini
On the Pfaffian Number of Graphs.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
On the Power of Deterministic and Sequential Communicating P Systems.	Lucie Ciencialová
On the Probablistic Worst-Case Time of "Find".	Luc Devroye
On the Rate Adaptation Techniques of IEEE 802.11 Networks for Industrial Applications.	Lucia Seno
On the Real-Time Hardware Implementation Feasibility of Joint Radio Resource Management Policies for Heterogeneous Wireless Networks.	M. Carmen Lucas-Estan
On the Recognition of Fan-Planar and Maximal Outer-Fan-Planar Graphs.	Luca Grilli
On the Reconstruction Capabilities of Beamforming and a Microwave Tomographic Approach.	Luca Antonio Forte
On the Reconstruction of Three-dimensional Protein Structures from Contact Maps.	Luciano Margara
On the Relationship between Abduction and Deduction.	Luca Console
On the Relationship between Transmission Power and Capacity of an Underwater Acoustic Communication Channel	Daniel Enrique Lucani
On the Richness of the Collection of Subtrees in Random Binary Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
On the Role of Abduction.	Luca Console
On the Role of Service Concept in IT	Lucian Luca
On the SCALE Algorithm for Multiuser Multicarrier Power Spectrum Management	Luc Vandendorpe
On the SCALE Algorithm for Multiuser Multicarrier Power Spectrum Management.	Luc Vandendorpe
On the Second-Order Cyclostationarity Properties of Long-Code DS-SS Signals.	Luciano Izzo
On the Security of Tandem-DM.	Stefan Lucks
On the Security of the Core of PRINCE Against Biclique and Differential Cryptanalysis.	Stefan Lucks
On the Sensitivity of Some Spectral Preconditioners.	Luc Giraud
On the Spanning Ratio of Gabriel Graphs and beta-Skeletons.	Luc Devroye
On the Spectral Decomposition in Normal Discriminant Analysis.	Luca Bagnato
On the Stability of Approximation for Hamiltonian Path Problems.	Luca Forlizzi
On the Stability of the Direct Elimination Method for Equality Constrained Least Squares Problems.	Luca Zanni
On the Syntax of Logic and Set Theory.	Lucius Schoenbaum
On the Undecidability of Attractor Properties for Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
On the Uniform Random Generation of Non Deterministic Automata Up to Isomorphism.	Jean-Luc Joly
On the Uniqueness of Group Sparse Coding.	Simon Lucey
On the Upper Bound on the Rotation Distance of Binary Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
On the VTOL Exact Tracking With Bounded Internal Dynamics via a Poincaré Map Approach.	Luca Consolini
On the Value of Some Infinite Matrix Games.	Luciano Méndez-Naya
On the Variance of the Height of Random Binary Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
On the algebraic numbers computable by some generalized Ehrenfest urns	Lucas Gerin
On the algebraic numbers computable by some generalized Ehrenfest urns.	Lucas Gerin
On the assessment of cochannel interference in wireless systems by the saddle point approximation.	Luciano Tomba
On the associativity functional equation.	Jean-Luc Marichal
On the asymptotic preserving property of the unified gas kinetic scheme for the diffusion limit of linear kinetic models.	Luc Mieussens
On the avalanche ruggedness of optimized termination structure for 600 V punch-through IGBTs.	Luca Maresca
On the axiomatisability of priority.	Luca Aceto
On the axiomatizability of priority II.	Luca Aceto
On the benefits of co-collection: Experiments with a multi-compartment vehicle routing algorithm.	Luc Muyldermans
On the chemistry of typestate-oriented actors.	Luca Padovani
On the co-operation between abductive and temporal reasoning in medical diagnosis.	Luca Console
On the cognitive nature of speech sound systems.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
On the collective sort problem for distributed tuple spaces.	Luca Gardelli
On the complexity of branch-and-bound search for random trees.	Luc Devroye
On the complexity of occurrence and convergence problems in reaction systems.	Luca Manzoni
On the complexity of stratified logics	Luca Vercelli
On the complexity of the regenerator placement problem in optical networks.	Luca Moscardelli
On the complexity of the traveling umpire problem.	Lucas de Oliveira
On the computation of the 3, 4, 5 curve skeleton of 3D objects.	Luca Serino
On the computation of viscous terms for incompressible two-phase flows with Level Set/Ghost Fluid Method.	Lucia Rueda Villegas
On the concept of finitism.	Luca Incurvati
On the connectivity of random subsets of projective spaces.	Tomasz Luczak
On the contact of a rigid sphere and a thin plate.	Stephen K. Lucas
On the continuous extension of Adams-Bashforth methods and the event location in discontinuous ODEs.	Luciano Lopez
On the convergence of population protocols when population goes to infinity.	Lucas Gerin
On the cost of fast controls for thermoelastic plates.	Luc Miller
On the derivation of exact analytical FSO link attenuation model.	Lucie Hudcova
On the design and specification of message oriented programs.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
On the design of 5G transport networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
On the design of efficient ATM routing schemes.	Luca Becchetti
On the detection of multiple-binding modes of ligands to proteins, from biological, structural, and modeling data.	Lucien M. H. Koymans
On the differentiability check in gradient sampling methods.	Lucas E. A. Simões
On the directional dynamics of additive cellular automata.	Luciano Margara
On the discrepancy of combinatorial rectangles.	Tomasz Luczak
On the distribution of characteristic parameters of words II.	Aldo de Luca
On the distribution of characteristic parameters of words.	Aldo de Luca
On the dynamic adaptation of language models based on dialogue information.	Juan Manuel Lucas-Cuesta
On the effect of Wiener phase noise in OFDM systems.	Luciano Tomba
On the effectiveness of Overview+Detail visualization on mobile devices.	Luca Chittaro
On the effectiveness of single and multiple base station sleep modes in cellular networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
On the effectiveness of sleep modes in backbone networks with limited configurations.	Luca Chiaraviglio
On the efficiency of equilibria in generalized second price auctions	Brendan Lucier
On the efficiency of parallel pipelined architectures.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
On the energy cost of robustness and resiliency in IP networks.	Luca G. Gianoli
On the enumeration of d-minimal permutations	Luca Ferrari
On the enumeration of d-minimal permutations.	Luca Ferrari
On the equation 1k+2k+···+nk=x 2.	Florian Luca
On the error estimates for the rotational pressure-correction projection methods.	Jean-Luc Guermond
On the error in computing Lyapunov exponents by QR Methods.	Luca Dieci
On the estimation and correction of bias in local atrophy estimations using example atrophy simulations.	Lucien Rumbach
On the evolution of a random tournament.	Tomasz Luczak
On the evolution of interaction networks: primitive typology of vertex and prominence of measures.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
On the exact tracking of the spherical inverted pendulum via an homotopy method.	Luca Consolini
On the existence of k-partite or Kp-free total domination edge-critical graphs.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
On the existence of shadow prices.	Luciano Campi
On the expressibility of priority.	Luca Aceto
On the expressive power of behavioral profiles.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
On the expressiveness of linear-constraint query languages for spatial databases.	Luc Vandeurzen
On the extensions of Barlow-Proschan importance index and system signature to dependent lifetimes.	Jean-Luc Marichal
On the feedback solutions of differential oligopoly games with hyperbolic demand curve and capacity accumulation.	Luca Lambertini
On the genera of subfields of the Hermitian function field.	Luciane Quoos
On the geodetic hull number of Pk-free graphs.	Lucia Draque Penso Rautenbach
On the hereditary (p, q)-Helly property of hypergraphs, cliques, and bicliques.	Luciano N. Grippo
On the impact of TCP and per-flow scheduling on Internet performance (extended version)	Luca Muscariello
On the impact of discreteness and abstractions on modelling noise in gene regulatory networks.	Luca Bortolussi
On the implementation of the probabilistic logic programming language ProbLog.	Luc De Raedt
On the independence and chromatic numbers of random regular graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On the interplay of .NET and contemporary software engineering techniques [Editorial].	Carlos Lucena
On the interplay of machine learning and background knowledge in image interpretation by Bayesian networks.	Peter J. F. Lucas
On the interpolation of concentric curvature elements.	Luc Biard
On the iterative learning control theory for robotic manipulators.	Luca Maria Gambardella
On the k-Anonymization of Time-varying and Multi-layer Social Graphs.	Luca Rossi 0004
On the k-diameter of k-regular k-connected graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On the k-orientability of random graphs.	Luc Devroye
On the largest prime factor of x2-1.	Florian Luca
On the layered nearest neighbour estimate, the bagged nearest neighbour estimate and the random forest method in regression and classification.	Luc Devroye
On the least number of palindromes contained in an infinite word	Luca Q. Zamboni
On the least number of palindromes contained in an infinite word.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On the linear approximation of mixture internal energies of departure.	Angelo Lucia
On the max-weight edge coloring problem.	Giorgio Lucarelli
On the minimum FLOPs problem in the sparse Cholesky factorization	Robert Luce
On the minimum degree forcing F-free graphs to be (nearly) bipartite.	Tomasz Luczak
On the modularity assessment of aspect-oriented multiagent architectures: a quantitative study.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
On the multi-colored Ramsey numbers of cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
On the number of balanced words of given length and height over a two letter alphabet.	Jean-Luc Remy
On the number of dissimilar pfaffian orientations of graphs.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
On the number of episturmian palindromes.	Aldo de Luca
On the number of episturmian palindromes.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
On the number of fuzzy subgroups of finite abelian groups.	Lucian Bentea
On the number of isogeny classes of pairing-friendly elliptic curves and statistics of MNT curves.	Florian Luca
On the optimal transversals of the odd cycles.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On the perfect matching index of bridgeless cubic graphs	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On the performanc of KVM-based virtual routers.	Luca Abeni
On the performance of advanced integrated microring filters for switching applications in next-generation elastic optical networks.	Luca Potì
On the performance of bandwidth and storage sharing in information-centric networks.	Luca Muscariello
On the performances of Nash equilibria in isolation games.	Luca Moscardelli
On the periodic orbits of the third-order differential equation x‴-μx″+x′-μx=εF(x, x′, x″).	Luci Roberto
On the physical consistency between three-dimensional and one-dimensional models in haemodynamics.	Luca Formaggia
On the power of lookahead in on-line server routing problems.	Luca Allulli
On the problem of spurious eigenvalues in the approximation of linear elliptic problems in mixed form.	Lucia Gastaldi
On the product of square-free words.	Aldo de Luca
On the reachable set for third-order linear discrete-time systems with positive control.	Luca Benvenuti
On the reachable set for third-order linear discrete-time systems with positive control: The case of complex eigenvalues.	Luca Benvenuti
On the reification of semantic linearity.	Luca Paolini
On the relations between B2V Ms and Runge-Kutta collocation methods.	Luca Aceto
On the relationships between user profiles and navigation sessions in virtual communities: A data-mining approach.	Luca La Brocca
On the relative power of polynomials with real, rational, and integer coefficients in proofs of termination of rewriting.	Salvador Lucas
On the reliability of frequency components in systolic arterial pressure in patients with atrial fibrillation.	Luca T. Mainardi
On the replacement of objects from round-based applications over heterogeneous environments.	Lucas Graebin
On the revision of informant credibility orders.	Luciano H. Tamargo
On the robustness of discrete-time indirect adaptive (linear) controllers.	Luc Dugard
On the role of continuously differentiable exact penalty functions in constrained global optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
On the role of high-gain feedback in P-type learning control of robot arms.	Pasquale Lucibello
On the role of multi-dimensional models in man-machine cooperation.	Jean-Luc Soubie
On the role of satellite communications for emergency situations with a focus on Europe.	Luca Simone Ronga
On the roots of the node reliability polynomial.	Lucas Mol
On the scalability of ordered multi-class ROC analysis.	Luc Boullart
On the semantics of Alice&Bob specifications of security protocols.	Luca Viganò 0001
On the sequential price of anarchy of isolation games.	Luca Moscardelli
On the side-effects of proprietary solutions for fading and interference mitigation in IEEE 802.11b/g outdoor links.	Luca Scalia
On the significance of data bases keywords for alarge scale bibliometric investigation in fundamental physics.	Luc Quoniam
On the simultaneous refinement of the zeros of H-palindromic polynomials.	Luca Gemignani
On the solvability of the positive real lemma equations.	Luciano Pandolfi
On the specification of modal systems: A comparison of three frameworks.	Luca Aceto
On the stabbing number of a random Delaunay triangulation.	Luc Devroye
On the stability of interdomain routing.	Luca Cittadini
On the stability of non-autonomous perturbed Lotka-Volterra models.	R. De Luca
On the stability of the information carried by traffic flow features at the packet level.	Luca Salgarelli
On the structure of finite level and ω-decomposable Borel functions.	Luca Motto Ros
On the sum of two divisors of (n 2 + 1)/2.	Florian Luca
On the systematic transformation of requirements to specifications.	Lucia Rapanotti
On the testing of network cyber threat detection methods on spam example.	Marcin Luckner
On the undecidability of the limit behavior of Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
On the use of Perfectly Matched Layers at corners for scattering problems with sign-changing coefficients.	Lucas Chesnel
On the use of dynamic features in face biometrics: recent advances and challenges.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
On the use of electromagnetic waves as means of power supply in wireless sensor networks.	Andrés Lucas-Bravo
On the use of passive UHF RFID tags in the pharmaceutical supply chain: a novel enhanced tag versus high-performance commercial tags.	Luca Catarinucci
On the use of topological features and hierarchical characterization for disambiguating names in collaborative networks	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
On the validity of flow-level tcp network models for grid and cloud simulations.	Lucas Mello Schnorr
On the velocity space discretization for the Vlasov-Poisson system: Comparison between implicit Hermite spectral and Particle-in-Cell methods.	Gian Luca Delzanno
On the working set selection in gradient projection-based decomposition techniques for support vector machines.	Luca Zanni
On theta-episturmian words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
On theta-episturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
On theta-episturmian words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
On time-varying collaboration networks	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
On time-varying collaboration networks.	Luciano da F. Costa
On transversals in minimal imperfect graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
On triangle-free random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
On unit interval graphs with integer endpoints.	Luciano N. Grippo
On-Line Identification of Winding Resistances and Load Torque in Induction Machines.	Luca Zarri
On-Manifold Preintegration Theory for Fast and Accurate Visual-Inertial Navigation.	Luca Carlone
On-demand Evaluation by Program Transformation.	Salvador Lucas
On-demand Evaluation for Maude.	Salvador Lucas
On-demand strategy annotations revisited: An improved on-demand evaluation strategy.	Salvador Lucas
On-line Convolutive Blind Source Separation of Non-Stationary Signals.	Lucas C. Parra
On-line dynamic adaptation of fuzzy preferences.	Lucas Marin
On-line elimination of local redundancies in evolving fuzzy systems.	Jean-Luc Bouchot
On-line estimation of variable stiffness in flexible robot joints.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
On-line failure prediction in safety-critical systems.	Luca Montanari
On-line input identification and application to Active Noise Cancellation.	Luciano Pandolfi
On-line restoration for turbulence degraded video in nuclear power plant reactors.	Jean-Luc Collette
On-line robot trajectory control in joint coordinates by means of imposed acceleration profiles.	Luc Van Aken
On-line trajectory clustering for anomalous events detection.	Gian Luca Foresti
On-line, interactive view synthesis and augmentation.	Luc J. Van Gool
On-the-Fly Integration of Data from a Spin-Diffusion-Based NMR Experiment into Protein-Ligand Docking.	Luca Codutti
OnDemandOBJ: A Laboratory for Strategy Annotations.	Salvador Lucas
One Computer per Student City - Total UCA An All Inclusive Totality under Discussion.	Lucila Maria Costi Santarosa
One- and Two-Point Codes Over Kummer Extensions.	Luciane Quoos
One-Way Delay Measurement: State of the Art.	Luca De Vito
One-dimensional dense disparity estimation for three-dimensional reconstruction.	Luce Morin
One-level reformulation of the bilevel Knapsack problem using dynamic programming.	Luce Brotcorne
One-loop diagrams in the Random Euclidean Matching Problem.	Carlo Lucibello
Online Authentication and Key Establishment Scheme for Heterogeneous Sensor Networks.	Luciano Lavagno
Online Coloring of Bipartite Graphs with and without Advice.	Lucia Keller
Online Detection of P300 and Error Potentials in a BCI Speller.	Luca T. Mainardi
Online Games as a Component of School Textbooks: A Test Predicting the Diffusion of Interactive Online Games Designed for the Textbook Reformation in South Korea.	Lucian F. Dinu
Online Multiperson Tracking-by-Detection from a Single, Uncalibrated Camera.	Luc J. Van Gool
Online Nonparametric Bayesian Activity Mining and Analysis From Surveillance Video.	Lucio Marcenaro
Online State-of-Health Assessment for Battery Management Systems.	Lucian Ungurean
Online Test of Control Flow Errors: A New Debug Interface-Based Approach.	Luca Sterpone
Online chemical modeling environment (OCHEM): web platform for data storage, model development and publishing of chemical information.	Luc Patiny
Online chemical modeling environment (OCHEM): web platform for data storage, model development and publishing of chemical information.	Luc Patiny
Online classification of visual tasks for industrial workflow monitoring.	Luc J. Van Gool
Online extraction of main linear trends for nonlinear time-varying processes.	Caro Lucas
Online learning communities in context.	Rosemary Luckin
Online learning for optimistic planning.	Lucian Busoniu
Online loop closure for real-time interactive 3D scanning.	Luc J. Van Gool
Online masquerade detection resistant to mimicry.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Online maximum k-coverage.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Online optimization for user-specific hybrid recommender systems.	Luc Martens
Online prediction of pulp brightness using fuzzy logic models.	Luc Baron
Online real-time crowd behavior detection in video sequences.	Luca Iocchi
Online robotic experiments for tele-education at the university of pisa.	Lucia Pallottino
Online shopping key features analysis in Mures county.	Elena Lucia Harpa
Online stochastic reservation systems.	Luc Mercier
Online thermal control methods for multiprocessor systems.	Luca Benini
Online weighted flow time and deadline scheduling.	Luca Becchetti
Ontological foundations for state and identity within the object-oriented paradigm.	Luca Pazzi
Ontologies for information security management and governance.	Luciana Andréia Fondazzi Martimiano
Ontology for Big Systems: The Ontology Summit 2012 Communiqué.	Ernie Lucier
Ontology-assisted database integration to support natural language processing and biomedical data-mining.	Jean-Luc Verschelde
Ontology-based resources for bioinformatics analysis.	Luciano Milanesi
Ontology-based, Tissue MicroArray oriented, image centered tissue bank.	Luciano Milanesi
Ontology-centered environmental information delivery for personalized decision support.	Luciano Serafini
Ontology-supported scientific data frameworks: The Virtual Solar-Terrestrial Observatory experience.	Luca Cinquini
Ontología para representar el conocimiento de Algoritmos básicos.	Lucy Nohemy Medina Velandia
Opal web services for biomedical applications.	Luca Clementi
Open Geospatial Analytics with PySAL.	Luc Anselin
Open Graphs and Monoidal Theories	Lucas Dixon
Open Science CBS Neuroimaging Repository: Sharing ultra-high-field MR images of the brain.	Christine Lucas Tardif
Open and Closed Prefixes of Sturmian Words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Open and Closed Worlds for Overloading: a Definition and Support for Coexistence.	Lucília Figueiredo
Open source FreeRTOS as a case study in real-time operating system evolution.	Luc Perneel
Open-graphs and monoidal theories.	Lucas Dixon
Open-source mapping and services for Web-based land-cover validation.	Lucy Bastin
OpenCAPWAP: An open source CAPWAP implementation for the management and configuration of WiFi hot-spots.	Luca Vollero
OpenCL Implementation of Particle Swarm Optimization: A Comparison between Multi-core CPU and GPU Performances.	Luca Mussi
OpenSatRelaying: a Hybrid Approach to Real-Time Audio-Video Distribution over the Internet.	Valerio De Luca
Operating Protocol and Networking Issues of a Telemedicine Platform Integrating from Wireless Home Sensors to the Hospital Information System.	Luca Fanucci
Operating Systems Techniques for Parallel Computation in Intelligent Memory.	Lucian Vlad Lita
Operation-based approach for documenting software architecture knowledge.	María Luciana Roldán
Operational Semantics and Rewriting Logic in Membrane Computing.	Dorel Lucanu
Operational Termination of Membership Equational Programs: the Order-Sorted Way.	Salvador Lucas
Operational research techniques in medical treatment and diagnosis: A review.	Luciano Nieddu
Operational rules for the implementation of INN prescribing.	Luc Van Bortel
Operational rules for the implementation of INN prescribing.	Luc Nicolas
Operational termination of conditional term rewriting systems.	Salvador Lucas
Operations on Records.	Luca Cardelli
Operations preserving regular languages.	Luc Boasson
Operator Choice Modeling for Collaborative UAV Visual Search Tasks.	Luca F. Bertuccelli
Operator Splitting for an Immunology Model Using Reaction-Diffusion Equations with Stochastic Source Terms.	Timothy A. Lucas
Opportunism by cheating and its effects on industry profitability. The CIOPS model.	Lucio Biggiero
Opportunistic Spectrum Sensing and Transmissions.	Lucio Marcenaro
Opportunistic data services in least developed countries: benefits, challenges and feasibility issues.	Luc Bouganim
Opportunistic management of spontaneous and heterogeneous wireless mesh networks [Accepted from Open Call].	Lucio Studer Ferreira
Opportunistic resilience embedding (ORE): Toward cost-efficient resilient virtual networks.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Optic Disc Identification Methods for Retinal Images.	Ramona Luca
Optic flow based on multi-scale anchor point movement and discontinuity-preserving regularization.	Luc Florack
Optical Communications Comparison between objective and subjective measurements of quality of service over an Optical Wide Area network.	Luca Rea
Optical Communications Impact of node switching capabilities on the performance of wavelength routed networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
Optical Time-Frequency Packing: Principles, Design, Implementation, and Experimental Demonstration.	Luca Potì
Optical characterization of coastal lagoons in Tunisia: Ecological assessment to underpin conservation.	Luca Massi
Optical fiber interface for distributed measurement and control in metrology setups: application to current sensing with fA resolution.	Luca Callegaro
Optical flow based super-resolution: A probabilistic approach.	Luc J. Van Gool
Optical flow-based observation models for particle filter tracking.	Manuel J. Lucena
Optical logic elementary circuits.	Luca Potì
Optimal Computational Trade-Off of Inexact Proximal Methods	Luca Baldassarre
Optimal Curiosity-Driven Modular Incremental Slow Feature Analysis.	Matthew D. Luciw
Optimal Design of Energy-Efficient Multi-User MIMO Systems: Is Massive MIMO the Answer?	Luca Sanguinetti
Optimal Design of Energy-Efficient Multi-User MIMO Systems: Is Massive MIMO the Answer?	Luca Sanguinetti
Optimal Ear Decompositions of Matching Covered Graphs and Bases for the Matching Lattice.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Optimal Enclosure of Quadratic Interval Functions.	Luc Longpré
Optimal Energy Management for a Residential Microgrid Including a Vehicle-to-Grid System.	Lucia Igualada
Optimal Estimation in Networked Control Systems Subject to Random Delay and Packet Drop.	Luca Schenato
Optimal Eta Pairing on Supersingular Genus-2 Binary Hyperelliptic Curves.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Optimal Filtering in Pilot-Aided Carrier Recovery.	Luca Barletta
Optimal First-Order Masking with Linear and Non-Linear Bijections.	Jean-Luc Danger
Optimal Fluctuations and the Control of Chaos.	D. G. Luchinsky
Optimal H∞ insulin injection control for blood glucose regulation in diabetic patients.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Optimal K-survivable backward-recursive path computation (BRPC) in multi-domain PCE-based networks.	Luca Valcarenghi
Optimal Linear Precoding in Multi-User MIMO Systems: A Large System Analysis.	Luca Sanguinetti
Optimal MMSE Pan Sharpening of Very High Resolution Multispectral Images.	Luca Capobianco
Optimal Sampling-Based Motion Planning under Differential Constraints: the Drift Case with Linear Affine Dynamics.	Lucas Janson
Optimal Sampling-Based Motion Planning under Differential Constraints: the Driftless Case.	Lucas Janson
Optimal Schauder Estimates for Parabolic Problems with Data Measurable with Respect to Time.	Luca Lorenzi
Optimal Settings for Frequency-Selective Measurements Used for the Exposure Assessment Around UMTS Base Stations.	Luc Martens
Optimal Snap-Stabilizing Neighborhood Synchronizer in Tree Networks.	Luc Onana Alima
Optimal Sokoban solving using pattern databases with specific domain knowledge.	Luciana S. Buriol
Optimal Stability of Reconstruction of Plane Lipschitz Cracks.	Luca Rondi
Optimal Synchronization for Networks of Noisy Double Integrators.	Luca Schenato
Optimal Synthesis for Nonholonomic Vehicles With Constrained Side Sensors	Lucia Pallottino
Optimal Thin Torsion Rods and Cheeger Sets.	Ilaria Lucardesi
Optimal Tracking Control of Current Profile in Tokamaks.	Timothy C. Luce
Optimal Use of Zero Vectors for Minimizing the Output Current Distortion in Matrix Converters.	Luca Zarri
Optimal adaptive control of treatment planning in radiation therapy.	Luciano Nieddu
Optimal advertising strategies with age-structured goodwill.	Luca Grosset
Optimal and asymptotically optimal decision rules for sequential screening and resource allocation.	Luc Pronzato
Optimal and sub-optimal Loop Filter Responses for Continuous-Time ΔΣ Modulators.	Jean-Luc De Gouy
Optimal arrangement of data in a tree directory.	Malwina J. Luczak
Optimal arrangement of data in a tree directory.	Malwina J. Luczak
Optimal control of stochastic FitzHugh-Nagumo equation.	Luca Di Persio
Optimal design of batch plants under economic and ecological considerations: Application to a biochemical batch plant.	Luc Pibouleau
Optimal design of reliable network systems in presence of uncertainty.	Luca Podofillini
Optimal design of robust quantitative feedback controllers using random optimization techniques.	Caro Lucas
Optimal design of submarine pipeline routes by genetic algorithm with different constraint handling techniques.	Rodrigo Ribeiro de Lucena
Optimal dynamic advertising with an adverse exogenous effect on brand goodwill.	Luca Grosset
Optimal experimental design and some related control problems.	Luc Pronzato
Optimal fuel core loading pattern design in PWR nuclear power reactors using genetic algorithms and fuzzy nonlinear programming.	Caro Lucas
Optimal fuzzy counterparts of scheduling rules.	Lucien Duckstein
Optimal global alignment of signals by maximization of Pearson correlation.	Luciano Margara
Optimal joint routing and link scheduling for real-time traffic in TDMA Wireless Mesh Networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Optimal mass minimization design of a two-stage coaxial helical speed reducer with Genetic Algorithms.	Lucian Tudose
Optimal measurements in phase estimation: simple examples.	Luca Pezzé
Optimal periodic output feedback control: a continuous-time approach and a case study.	Luca Viganò 0003
Optimal rectangular partitions.	Abilio Lucena
Optimal reliability/availability of uncertain systems via multi-objective genetic algorithms.	Luca Podofillini
Optimal resampling for the noisy OneMax problem.	Simon M. Lucas
Optimal resource allocation and scheduling for the CELL BE platform.	Luca Benini
Optimal settings for narrow-band signal measurements used for exposure assessment around GSM base stations.	Luc Martens
Optimal trajectory planning for a redundant mobile manipulator with non-holonomic constraints performing push-pull tasks.	Luciano E. Chiang
Optimal wavelets for biomedical signal compression.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Optimal zoning design by genetic algorithms.	M. G. Lucchese
Optimal zoning of forested land considering the contribution of exotic plantations.	Martin K. Luckert
Optimality conditions for nonlinear infinite programming problems.	Lucelina Batista dos Santos
Optimality cuts and a branch-and-cut algorithm for the K-rooted mini-max spanning forest problem.	Abilio Lucena
Optimality of Feedback Control Strategies for Qubit Purification.	Luc Bouten
Optimising PICCANTE - an Open Source Particle-in-Cell Code for Advanced Simulations on Tier-0 Systems.	Luca Fedeli
Optimising the cutting of wood fibre plates in the hardboard industry.	Luciano Belluzzo
Optimization Methods for Convolutional Sparse Coding.	Simon Lucey
Optimization and homotopy methods for the Gibbs free energy of simple magmatic mixtures.	Luca Consolini
Optimization and implementation of a system for allocating services integrated with the Google Maps service.	Lucídio dos Anjos Formiga Cabral
Optimization and planning of operating theatre activities: an original definition of pathways and process modeling.	Luca Corradi
Optimization of Complex Robot Applications under Real Physical Limitations.	Luc D. Joly
Optimization of Discontinuous Functions: A Generalized Theory of Differentiation.	Luc Moreau
Optimization of EMG-based hand gesture recognition: Supervised vs. unsupervised data preprocessing on healthy subjects and transradial amputees.	Lucia Rita Quitadamo
Optimization of ESD protection structures suitable for BCD6 smart power technology.	Luca Sponton
Optimization of MIMO Relays for Multipoint-to-Multipoint Communications: Nonrobust and Robust Designs.	Luc Vandendorpe
Optimization of Muscle Activity for Task-Level Goals Predicts Complex Changes in Limb Forces across Biomechanical Contexts.	J. Lucas McKay
Optimization of a peer-to-peer system for efficient content replication.	Luca Caviglione
Optimization of an AC-DC Transfer Step-Up Scheme.	Lucas Di Lillo
Optimization of an Accelerometer and Gyroscope-Based Fall Detection Algorithm.	Lucia B. Irazabal
Optimization of an Industrial Sensor and Data Acquisition Laboratory Through Time Sharing and Remote Access.	Lucia Costas-Perez
Optimization of an eMule-like modifier strategy.	Luca Caviglione
Optimization of flow diverters for cerebral aneurysms.	Jean-Luc Falcone
Optimization of intravascular brachytherapy treatment planning in peripheral arteries.	Antoine Lucas
Optimization of management zone delineation by using spatial principal components.	Luciana Pagliosa Carvalho Guedes
Optimization of nonlinear signal constellations for real-world MIMO channels.	Luc Vandendorpe
Optimization of preventive maintenance strategies in a multipurpose batch plant: application to semiconductor manufacturing.	Luc Pibouleau
Optimization of scale and parametrization for terrain segmentation: An application to soil-landscape modeling.	Lucian Dragut
Optimization of two-joint arm movements: a model technique or a result of natural selection?	Luca Valandro
Optimized Bayes variational regularization prior for 3D PET images.	Luca Presotto
Optimized L2-Orthogonal STC CPM for 3 Antennas	Luc Deneire
Optimized Schwarz Methods for Maxwell's Equations.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
Optimized Schwarz methods for unsymmetric layered problems with strongly discontinuous and anisotropic coefficients.	Luca Gerardo-Giorda
Optimized Technique for Dna Structural Properties Discovering.	Luca Benini
Optimized Wavelets for Blind Separation of Nonstationary Surface Myoelectric Signals.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Optimized memory based accelerator for scalable pattern matching.	Lucas Vespa
Optimized quantization for image subband coding.	Luc Vandendorpe
Optimizing LTE wireless access networks towards power consumption and electromagnetic exposure of human beings.	Luc Martens
Optimizing Physicians' Instruction of PACS Through E-Learning: Cognitive Load Theory Applied.	Luc Adang
Optimizing Superpixel Clustering for Real-Time Egocentric-Vision Applications.	Lucio Marcenaro
Optimizing feature complementarity by evolution strategy: Application to automatic speaker verification.	Jean-Luc Zarader
Optimizing horizontal alignment of roads in a specified corridor.	Yves Lucet
Optimizing protections against cascades in network systems: A modified binary differential evolution algorithm.	Lucia R. Golea
Optimizing regenerator cost in traffic grooming.	Luca Moscardelli
Optimizing the joint transmit and receive MMSE design using mode selection.	Luc Deneire
Optimum and suboptimum detection of weak signals in cyclostationary non-gaussian noise.	Luciano Izzo
Optimum detection of non-orthogonal QAM signals with spectral overlapping.	Antonio Macilio Pereira de Lucena
Option Pricing with a General Marked Point Process.	Jean-Luc Prigent
Option price sensitivities through fuzzy numbers.	Luciano Stefanini
Oracle MCG: A first peek into COCO Detection Challenges.	Luc J. Van Gool
Orchestrating Data, Design, and Narrative: Information Visualization for Sense- and Decision-Making in Online Learning.	Lucas Lecheler
Order Independent Temporal Properties.	Luc Segoufin
Order-Invariant Measures on Fixed Causal Sets.	Malwina Luczak
Orderings for Classes of Aggregation operators.	Luciano Basile
Organisation of e-learning in a pervasive campus - a case study.	Ulrike Lucke
Organization of Lessons Learned Knowledge: A Taxonomy and Implementation.	Joyce Lucca
Organization of multimedia data for conceptual search based on ontologies.	Luciano Bernardes de Paula
Organizational Gameplay: The Player as Designer of Character Organizations.	Luciano Reis Coutinho
Organizational Power and the Information Services Department.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Organizational trust in a networked world: Analysis of the interplay between social factors and Information and Communication Technology.	Luca Giustiniano
Organizing objects by predicting user preferences through collaborative filtering.	Luciano Spinello
Organizing reserve channels for superior admission control performance.	Luciana Brazil Priolli
Oriented Hypergraphs: Introduction and Balance.	Lucas J. Rusnak
Oriented Image Foresting Transform Segmentation by Seed Competition.	Lucy A. C. Mansilla
Origami: A Convolutional Network Accelerator.	Luca Benini
Original Design of an Unmanned Ground Vehicle for Exploration in Rough Terrain.	Philippe Lucidarme
Original Design of an Unmanned Ground Vehicle for Exploration in Rough Terrain.	Jean-Luc Paillat
Origins of power-law degree distribution in the heterogeneity of human activity in social networks	Lucas C. Parra
Orthogeodesic point-set embedding of trees.	Luca Grilli
Orthogonal Rational Functions and Structured Matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Orthogonal convolutional modulation for UWB-impulse radio systems: performance analysis and adaptive schemes.	Luca Reggiani
Orthogonal design of experiments for parameter learning in image segmentation.	Lucas Franek
Orthogonal parallel MCMC methods for sampling and optimization.	Luca Martino
Orthogonal projection images for 3D face detection.	Luciano Silva
Orthogonal rotations in latent semantic analysis: An empirical study.	Lucian L. Visinescu
Orthographic processing deficits in developmental dyslexia: Beyond the ventral visual stream.	Jean-Luc Anton
Orthonormal bandlimited Kautz sequences for global system modeling from piecewise rational models.	Luc Knockaert
Orthonormal integrators based on Householder and Givens transformations.	Luca Dieci
Oscillations of a rocking block with an added pendulum.	Luca Collini
Oscillator Array Models for Associative Memory and Pattern Recognition.	Luca Daniel
OsiriX: An Open-Source Software for Navigating in Multidimensional DICOM Images.	Luca Spadola
Out-of-Band Correction for Multispectral Remote Sensing.	Robert Lucke
Outage Probability and Energy Efficiency of Cooperative MIMO with Antenna Selection.	Luc Vandendorpe
Outage Probability in Full Spectrum Reuse Cellular Systems with Discontinuous Transmission.	Luciano Tomba
Outage probability analysis of a MIMO relay channel with orthogonal space-time block codes.	Luc Vandendorpe
Outcome quantification using SPHARM-PDM toolbox in orthognathic surgery.	Lucia H. S. Cevidanes
Outdoor Scene Classification by a Neural Tree-Based Approach.	Gian Luca Foresti
Outer Approximation of Attractors Using an Interval Quantization.	Luc Jaulin
Outer Semicontinuity of Positive Hull Mappings with Application to Semi-Infinite and Stochastic Programming.	Dinh The Luc
Outlier Detection under Interval Uncertainty: Algorithmic Solvability and Computational Complexity.	Luc Longpré
Outlier Modeling in Image Matching.	Luciano Sbaiz
Outline of a Theory of Strongly Semantic Information.	Luciano Floridi
Outline of a general model of measurement.	Luca Mari
Output feedback design for saturated linear plants using deadzone loops.	Luca Zaccarian
Output regulation of nonlinear systems evolving in the neighborhood of a periodic orbit.	Pasquale Lucibello
Output zeroing with internal stability by learning.	Pasquale Lucibello
Output-Sensitive Reporting of Disjoint Paths.	Luca Vismara
Output-feedback synchronizability of linear time-invariant systems.	Luca Scardovi
Outward Accessibility in Urban Street Networks: Characterization and Improvements	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Ovarian Tumor Characterization and Classification Using Ultrasound - A New Online Paradigm.	Luca Saba
Overcoming design fixation: Design by analogy studies and nonintuitive findings.	Lucienne T. M. Blessing
Overcoming the Curse of Dimensionality in Clustering by Means of the Wavelet Transform.	Jean-Luc Starck
Overlapping Genes May Control Reprogramming of Mouse Somatic Cells into Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells (iPSCs) and Breast Cancer Stem Cells.	Luciano Milanesi
Overlapping Schwarz Methods for Fekete and Gauss-Lobatto Spectral Elements.	Luca F. Pavarino
Overlapping Schwarz Methods for Isogeometric Analysis.	Luca F. Pavarino
Overlapping Schwarz Methods with a Standard Coarse Space for Almost Incompressible Linear Elasticity.	Luca F. Pavarino
Overlapping Schwarz and Spectral Element Methods for Linear Elasticity and Elastic Waves.	Luca F. Pavarino
Overlapping Schwarz preconditioned eigensolvers for spectral element discretizations.	Luca F. Pavarino
Overlapping Schwarz preconditioned eigensolvers for spectral element discretizations.	Luca Luigi Ghezzi
Overlapping Schwarz preconditioners for spectral element methods in nonstandard domains and heterogeneous media.	Luca F. Pavarino
Overlapping Schwarz preconditioners for spectral element methods in nonstandard domains and heterogeneous media.	Luca Luigi Ghezzi
Overrun handling approaches for overload-prone soft real-time systems.	Lucia Lo Bello
Overspecified references: An experiment on lexical acquisition in a virtual environment.	Luciana Benotti
Overspecified references: An experiment on lexical acquisition in a virtual environment.	Alexandra Luccioni
Overview of BITS2005, the Second Annual Meeting of the Italian Bioinformatics Society.	Luciano Milanesi
Overview of the Candidates for the Password Hashing Competition - And their Resistance against Garbage-Collector Attacks.	Stefan Lucks
Overview of the EOS aura mission.	Lucien Froidevaux
Overview of the MPEG Reconfigurable Video Coding Framework.	Christophe Lucarz
Overview of the SMOS Sea Surface Salinity Prototype Processor.	Jean-Luc Vergely
Overview of the interactive task in BioCreative V.	Lucy Chilton
Oxide reliability below 3 nm for advanced CMOS: Issues, characterization, and solutions.	Jean-Luc Ogier
P Colonies Processing Strings.	Lucie Ciencialová
P Colonies of Capacity One and Modularity.	Lucie Ciencialová
P systems with reaction maps.	Luca Bianco
P*: A Model of Pilot-Abstractions	André Luckow
PAC-bayesian analysis of distribution dependent priors: Tighter risk bounds and stability analysis.	Luca Oneto
PARSECS: A Predictable Data Communication System for Smart Sensors and Hard Real-Time Applications.	Lucian Ungurean
PB1-F2 Finder: scanning influenza sequences for PB1-F2 encoding RNA segments.	David S. DeLuca
PC Clusters for Virtual Reality.	Luciano P. Soares
PCA disjoint models for multiclass cancer analysis using gene expression data.	A. Luchini
PCA-based polling strategy in machine learning framework for coronary artery disease risk assessment in intravascular ultrasound: A link between carotid and coronary grayscale plaque morphology.	Luca Saba
PCRTiler: automated design of tiled and specific PCR primer pairs.	Luc Gaudreau
PCkAD: an unsupervised intrusion detection technique exploiting within payload n-gram location distribution.	Luciano Argento
PD control with on-line gravity compensation for robots with elastic joints: Theory and experiments.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
PD-like controller with impedance for delayed bilateral teleoperation of mobile robots.	Lucio Rafael Salinas
PDB-Explorer: a web-based interactive map of the protein data bank in shape space.	Luc Patiny
PDZBase: a protein?Cprotein interaction database for PDZ-domains.	Lucy Skrabanek
PEARS: Physics Extension and Representation Through Semantics.	Jean-Luc Lugrin
PERFIDE: an environment for evaluation and monitoring of software reliability metrics during the test phase.	Luc Billot
PERSEO: A system to Personalize smart Environments through Smartphones, sEnsors and media Objects.	Luca Bergesio
PET radiotracers for molecular imaging in the brain: Past, present and future.	Luc Zimmer
PI and PID Regulation Approaches for Performance-Constrained Adaptive Multiprocessor System-on-Chip.	Luciano Ost
PID Controller Applied to Hexacopter Flight.	Cristina Lucia Rosa Milazzo
PID control of MIMO process based on rank niching genetic algorithm.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
PID control of a chaotic system: An application to an epidemiological model.	Luca Luigi Ghezzi
PINdb: a database of nuclear protein complexes from human and yeast.	Phuong-Van Luc
PITIA: an FPGA for throughput-intensive applications.	Luca Macchiarulo
PKS: An Ontology-based Learning Construct for Lifelong Learners.	Luca Spalazzi
PLCTools: Graph Transformation Meets PLC Design.	Luciano Baresi
PMHR 2011: the first workshop on personalised multilingual hypertext retrieval.	Ernesto William De Luca
PMSR - Poor Man's Segment Routing, a minimalistic approach to Segment Routing and a Traffic Engineering use case.	Luca Davoli
PMSR - Poor Man's Segment Routing, a minimalistic approach to Segment Routing and a Traffic Engineering use case.	Luca Veltri
PRECOG: a tool for automated extraction and visualization of fitness components in microbial growth phenomics.	Luciano Fernandez-Ricaud
PRESENCE: the sense of believability of inaccessible worlds.	Annie Luciani
PRGA: Privacy-Preserving Recording & Gateway-Assisted Authentication of Power Usage Information for Smart Grid.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
PROARTIS: Probabilistically Analyzable Real-Time Systems.	Luca Santinelli
PROPHECY - a database for high-resolution phenomics.	Luciano Fernandez-Ricaud
PROPHECY - a yeast phenome database, update 2006.	Luciano Fernandez-Ricaud
PROTON+: A Placement and Routing Tool for 3D Optical Networks-on-Chip with a Single Optical Layer.	Luca Ramini
PTMcode v2: a resource for functional associations of post-translational modifications within and between proteins.	Luca Parca
PTMcode: a database of known and predicted functional associations between post-translational modifications in proteins.	Luca Parca
PTracking: Distributed Multi-Agent Multi-Object Tracking through Multi-Clustered Particle Filtering.	Luca Iocchi
PULP: A Ultra-Low Power Parallel Accelerator for Energy-Efficient and Flexible Embedded Vision.	Luca Benini
PWL 1.0 Personal WaveLab: an object-oriented workbench for seismogram analysis on Windows systems.	Lucio Badiali
PaTre: A Method for Paralogy Trees Construction.	Fabrizio Luccio
Pacemakers in a Cayley Tree of Kuramoto oscillators.	Luce Prignano
Packed U Cells Multilevel Converter Topology: Theoretical Study and Experimental Validation.	Luc-André Grégoire
Packer: Parallel Garbage Collection Based on Virtual Spaces.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Packet dispersion techniques over WiMAX links: challenges and problems.	Sidney Lucena
Packet losses and objective video quality metrics in H.264 video streaming.	Valerio De Luca
Packet timed token service discipline: a scheduling algorithm based on the dual-class paradigm for providing QoS in integrated services networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Packetization and routing analysis of on-chip multiprocessor networks.	Luca Benini
Pad Over Active (POA) solutions for three metal level BCD5 mixed power process - Design and validation of ESD protections.	Luca Sponton
Painful monitoring: Automatic pain monitoring using the UNBC-McMaster shoulder pain expression archive database.	Patrick Lucey
Palindromic richness.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Pancyclic and panconnected line graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Pancyclicity of 3-connected graphs: Pairs of forbidden subgraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Panorama View With Spatiotemporal Occlusion Compensation for 3D Video Coding.	Maurizio Lucenteforte
Pansharpening Quality Assessment Using the Modulation Transfer Functions of Instruments.	Luciano Alparone
PantaRay: fast ray-traced occlusion caching of massive scenes.	Luca Fascione
Parallel $(k)$-Clique Community Detection on Large-Scale Networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Parallel Approximation Algorithms by Positive Linear Programming.	Luca Trevisan
Parallel Birge and Qi Factorization of Three-stage Stochastic Linear Programs.	Mária Lucká
Parallel Complexity of Numerically Accurate Linear System Solvers.	Luciano Margara
Parallel Computation for Shallow Water Flow: A Domain Decomposition Approach.	Luca Formaggia
Parallel Computing with the Sisal Applicative Language: Programmability and Performance Issues.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Parallel Cooperative Savings Based Ant Colony Optimization - Multiple Search and Decomposition Approaches.	Mária Lucká
Parallel Discrete Event Simulation with Erlang	Luca Toscano
Parallel Distributed FFT-Based Solvers for 3-D Poisson Problems in Meso-Scale Atmospheric Simulations.	Luc Giraud
Parallel HEVC Decoding on Multi- and Many-core Architectures - A Power and Performance Analysis.	Jan Lucas
Parallel Hardware Architectures for the Cryptographic Tate Pairing.	Luca Breveglieri
Parallel Implementation of Fast Randomized Algorithms for Low Rank Matrix Decomposition.	Andrew Lucas
Parallel Implementations of Neural Networks.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Parallel Multilevel Schwarz and Block Preconditioners for the Bidomain Parabolic-Parabolic and Parabolic-Elliptic Formulations.	Luca F. Pavarino
Parallel Processing Capabilities of Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise 11.5.	Lucien A. Dimino
Parallel Processing and Bio-inspired Computing for Biomedical Image Registration.	Ramona Luca
Parallel RFSAI-BFGS Preconditioners for Large Symmetric Eigenproblems.	Luca Bergamaschi
Parallel Rayleigh Quotient Optimization with FSAI-Based Preconditioning.	Luca Bergamaschi
Parallel Reduction Operators for Gray-Tone Pictures.	Luca Serino
Parallel Rendering and Animation of Subdivision Surfaces on the Cell BE Processor.	Luca Benini
Parallel Software for Training Large Scale Support Vector Machines on Multiprocessor Systems.	Luca Zanni
Parallel Sparse Approximate Inverse Preconditioning on Graphic Processing Units.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Parallel Sparse Matrix Solver on the GPU Applied to Simulation of Electrical Machines	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Parallel algebraic domain decomposition solver for the solution of augmented systems.	Luc Giraud
Parallel algebraic hybrid solvers for large 3D convection-diffusion problems.	Luc Giraud
Parallel algorithms for finding polynomial Roots on OTIS-torus.	Keny T. Lucas
Parallel algorithms to solve two-stage stochastic linear programs with robustness constraints.	Lucio Grandinetti
Parallel and distributed computing for UAVs trajectory planning.	Luciano Blasi
Parallel and sequential reclaiming in multicore real-time global scheduling.	Luca Abeni
Parallel application characterization with quantitative metrics.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Parallel application-level behavioral attributes for performance and energy management of high-performance computing systems.	Charles E. Lucas
Parallel approach of a bioinspired routing protocol for MANETs.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Parallel color space converters for JPEG image compression.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Parallel culling and sorting based on adaptive static balancing.	Lucas Machado
Parallel distributed seismic migration.	T. McLuckie
Parallel distributed seismic migration.	T. McLuckie
Parallel implementation of a fast randomized algorithm for the decomposition of low rank matrices	Andrew Lucas
Parallel implementation of exact dilations and multi-scale skeletonization.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Parallel optimal choropleth map classification in PySAL.	Luc Anselin
Parallel preconditioned conjugate gradient optimization of the Rayleigh quotient for the solution of sparse eigenproblems.	Luca Bergamaschi
Parallel preconditioners for monolithic solution of shear bands.	Luc Berger-Vergiat
Parallel preconditioning of a sparse eigensolver.	Luca Bergamaschi
Parallel processing architectures for rank order and stack filters.	Lori E. Lucke
Parallel protein folding with STAPL.	Lucia K. Dale
Parallel scalability study of hybrid preconditioners in three dimensions.	Luc Giraud
Parallel scalable hardware implementation of asynchronous discrete particle swarm optimization.	Caro Lucas
Parallel scheduling problems in next generation wireless networks.	Luca Becchetti
Parallel simulation of particle transport in an advection field applied to volcanic explosive eruptions.	Jean-Luc Falcone
Parallel tools for the bifurcation analysis of large-scale chemically reactive dynamical systems.	Lucia Russo
Parallelization of a regionalization heuristic in distributed computing platforms - a case study of parallel-p-compact-regions problem.	Luc Anselin
Parallelization of four-component calculations. I. Integral generation, SCF, and four-index transformation in the Dirac-Fock package MOLFDIR.	Lucas Visscher
Parallelization of four-component calculations. II. Symmetry-driven parallelization of the 4-Spinor CCSD algorithm.	Lucas Visscher
Parallelizing Industrial Hard Real-Time Applications for the parMERASA Multicore.	Lucie Matusova
Parameter Estimation in SAR Imagery using Stochastic Distances and Asymmetric Kernels.	María Magdalena Lucini
Parameter estimation aspects in adaptive control.	Luc Dugard
Parameter estimation in the classical occupancy model.	Lucio Barabesi
Parameter estimation of influenza epidemic model.	David Lucy
Parameterization of a crop growth and development simulation model at sub-model components level. An example for winter wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).	Luca Bechini
Parameterized Model-Checking for Timed-Systems with Conjunctive Guards (Extended Version).	Luca Spalazzi
Parametric and Probabilistic Model Checking of Confidentiality in Data Dispersal Algorithms (Extended Version).	Luca Spalazzi
Parametric characterization of the form of the human pupil from blurred noisy images.	Matteo Lucchetti
Parametric lambda -theories.	Luca Paolini
Parametric parameter passing Lambda-calculus.	Luca Paolini
Parametric representation of fuzzy numbers and application to fuzzy calculus.	Luciano Stefanini
Parametric representation of preferences.	Luciano I. de Castro
Pareto approximations for the bicriteria scheduling problem.	Luca Moscardelli
Pareto-Based Method for High Efficiency Video Coding With Limited Encoding Time.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Parieto-frontal gamma band activity during the perceptual emergence of speech forms.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Parsing Heuristic and Forward Search in First-Graders' Game-Play Behavior.	Luciano Paz
Parsing methods streamlined.	Luca Breveglieri
Part 2 The Link between GIS and spatial analysis.	Luc Anselin
Part routing in flexible assembly systems.	Mario Lucertini
Part-Based Geometric Categorization and Object Reconstruction in Cluttered Table-Top Scenes - Paper Type: Categories (7) and (5).	Lucian Cosmin Goron
Part-Whole Relations in Object-Centered Systems: An Overview.	Luca Pazzi
Partial Characterizations of Circular-Arc Graphs.	Luciano N. Grippo
Partial Clones Containing all Boolean Monotone Self-dual Partial Functions.	Lucien Haddad
Partial Functional Correspondence.	Luca Cosmo
Partial Order Reduction for Security Protocols.	Lucca Hirschi
Partial Words and a Theorem of Fine and Wilf.	Luc Boasson
Partial characterizations of circle graphs.	Luciano N. Grippo
Partial characterizations of circular-arc graphs.	Luciano N. Grippo
Partial model checking via abstract interpretation.	Luca Martini
Partial orderings of event sets and their application to prototyping concurrent, timed systems.	David C. Luckham
Partial-State Observers for Nonlinear Systems.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Partial-scan delay fault testing of asynchronous circuits.	Luciano Lavagno
ParticipAct: A Large-Scale Crowdsensing Platform.	Luca Foschini
Particle Detection on Election Microscopy Micrographs Using Multi-Classifier Systems.	Lucas M. Oliveira
Particle Monte Carlo modeling of single-event transient current and charge collection in integrated circuits.	Jean-Luc Autran
Particle Swarm Extension to LOLIMOT.	Caro Lucas
Particle Swarm Optimization Hybrids for Searching Ground States of Ising Spin Glasses.	Henri Luchian
Particle Swarm Optimization and Differential Evolution for model-based object detection.	Luca Mussi
Particle Swarm Optimization of fuzzy models for Anti-Lock Braking Systems.	Lucian-Ovidiu Fedorovici
Particle Swarm Optimization with spanning tree representation for Ising spin glasses.	Henri Luchian
Particle swarm optimisation of spoken dialogue system strategies.	Lucie Daubigney
Partitioning Two-Coloured Complete Graphs into Two Monochromatic Cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
Partitioning Well-Clustered Graphs with k-Means and Heat Kernel.	Luca Zanetti
Partitioning into Expanders.	Luca Trevisan
Passengers information in public transport and privacy: Can anonymous tickets prevent tracking?	Luca Calderoni
Passing an Enhanced Turing Test - Interacting with Lifelike Computer Representations of Specific Individuals.	Luc Renambot
Passing an Enhanced Turing Test - Interacting with Lifelike Computer Representations of Specific Individuals.	Luc Renambot
Passive Corruption in Statistical Multi-Party Computation.	Christoph Lucas
Passive Microwave Remote Sensing of Soil Moisture Based on Dynamic Vegetation Scattering Properties for AMSR-E.	Lucas A. Jones
Passive analysis of TCP anomalies.	Luca Muscariello
Passive and active navigation of virtual environments vs. traditional printed evacuation maps: A comparative evaluation in the aviation domain.	Luca Chittaro
Passive compliance for a RC servo-controlled bouncing robot.	Luc Berthouze
Passivity-based visual feedback control with dynamic compensation of mobile manipulators: Stability and L2-gain performance analysis.	Lucio Rafael Salinas
Past Perfect, Present Perfect, Future Perfect-Quality Assessment and Quality Control Mechanisms at Beilstein.	Reiner Luckenbach
Past tense in the brain's time: Neurophysiological evidence for dual-route processing of past-tense verbs.	Lucy J. MacGregor
Patches in Vision.	Simon Lucey
Patent overlay mapping: Visualizing technological distance.	Luciano Kay
Patents used by NPE as an Open Information System in Web 2.0 - Two mini case studies.	Luc Quoniam
Path Following for Unmanned Helicopter: An Approach on Energy Autonomy Improvement.	Lucio Rafael Salinas
Path Planning Strategies for UAVS in 3D Environments.	Luca de Filippis
Path Planning Using Intervals and Graphs.	Luc Jaulin
Path following for the PVTOL aircraft.	Luca Consolini
Pathway Processor 2.0: a web resource for pathway-based analysis of high-throughput data.	Luca Beltrame
Pathway Processor 2.0: a web resource for pathway-based analysis of high-throughput data.	Luca Bianco
Pattern Formation in fractional reaction-Diffusion Systems with Multiple Homogeneous States.	Yury F. Luchko
Pattern Recognition for the Identification of Learning Styles on Educational Mobile and Social Networks Tools.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Pattern clustering based on noise modeling in wavelet space.	Jean-Luc Starck
Pattern matching using the blur hit - miss transform.	Luc M. Vincent
Pattern of Tick Aggregation on Mice: Larger Than Expected Distribution Tail Enhances the Spread of Tick-Borne Pathogens.	Luca Ferreri
Pattern of Tick Aggregation on Mice: Larger Than Expected Distribution Tail Enhances the Spread of Tick-Borne Pathogens.	Luca Bolzoni
Pattern recognition on the quantum Bloch sphere.	Luca Didaci
Pattern set mining with schema-based constraint.	Luca Cagliero
Pattern-selective color image fusion.	Luca Bogoni
Patterns for Maude Metalanguage Applications.	Dorel Lucanu
Patterns of authors contribution in scientific manuscripts.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Payment schemes for a two-level consignment stock supply chain system.	Lucio E. Zavanella
Pedagogically-Driven Ontology Network for Conceptualizing the e-Learning Assessment Domain.	Lucía Romero
Peer Review in Education: Promoting Collaboration, Written Expression, Critical Thinking, and Professional Responsibility.	Luciana Martins Saraiva
Peer-Assisted VoD Systems: An Efficient Modeling Framework.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Peer-to-Peer Content Sharing Based on Social Identities and Relationships.	Luca Iannario
Peer-to-peer middleware for bandwidth allocation in sensor networks.	Luca Caviglione
Peer-to-peer semantic coordination.	Luciano Serafini
Peer-to-peer streaming of scalable video in future Internet applications.	Luca Celetto
People are Strange when you're a Stranger: Impact and Influence of Bots on Social Networks.	Luca Maria Aiello
People counting by learning their appearance in a multi-view camera environment.	Lucia Maddalena
People's Collection Wales: Online access to the heritage of Wales from museums, archives and libraries.	Lucy A. Tedd
Perceived time and temporal structure: Neural entrainment to isochronous stimulation increases duration estimates.	Massimiliano Di Luca
Perception for Action: Dynamic Spatiotemporal Patterns Applied on a Roving Robot.	Luca Patané
Perceptual organization of affective and sensorial expressive intentions in music performance.	Luca Mion
Perfect dodecagon quadrangle systems.	Lucia Gionfriddo
Perfect repdigits.	Florian Luca
Perfect simulation from the Quicksort limit distribution	Luc Devroye
Performability assessment by model checking of Markov reward models.	Lucia Cloth
Performability of a Congested Urban Transportation Network When Accident Information is Available.	Luc Milot
Performability/Energy Tradeoff in Error-Control Schemes for On-Chip Networks.	Luca Benini
Performance Analysis and Algorithm Selection for Reliable Multicast in IEEE 802.11aa Wireless LAN.	Lucas Eznarriaga
Performance Analysis of Arbitration Policies for SoC Communication Architectures.	Luca Benini
Performance Analysis of Media Redundancy Protocol (MRP).	Luca Valcarenghi
Performance Analysis of SDN Specific Error Procedures: Comparison of Step-by-Step and End-to-End Schemes	Luciano Lenzini
Performance Analysis of SDN-Specific Error Recovery Procedures: Comparison of Step-by-Step and End-to-End Schemes.	Luciano Lenzini
Performance Analysis of a Hybrid Incremental and Cyclic A/D Conversion Principle.	Luca Rossi 0002
Performance Bounds and Distance Spectra of Variable Length Codes in Turbo/Concatenated Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performance Degradation Due to Multipath Noise for Narrowband OFDM Systems: Channel-Based Analysis and Experimental Determination.	Luc Martens
Performance Evaluation and Monitoring.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Performance Evaluation of ASK Multichannel Coherent Optical Systems.	Luciano Tomba
Performance Evaluation of Distributed Wireless Networks Using Smart Antennas in Low-Rank Channel.	Lucio Mania
Performance Evaluation of Indoor Localization Techniques Based on RF Power Measurements from Active or Passive Devices.	Damiano De Luca
Performance Evaluation of Relevance Feedback for Image Retrieval by "Real-World" Multi-Tagged Image Datasets.	Luca Piras
Performance Evaluation of Route: A Load Balancing Algorithm for Grid Computing.	Luciano José Senger
Performance Evaluation of Super-Resolution Reconstruction Methods on Real-World Data.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Performance Evaluation of a Novel CDMA Detection Technique: The Two-State Approach.	Luca Simone Ronga
Performance Evaluation of a Worst Case Model of the MetaRing MAC Protocol With Global Fairness.	Luciano Lenzini
Performance Evaluation of the IEEE 802.16 MAC for QoS Support.	Luciano Lenzini
Performance Evaluation of the Random Replacement Policy for Networks of Caches	Luca Muscariello
Performance Improvement of Tomographic Image Reconstruction Based on DSP Processors.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Performance Limitations in Field-Oriented Control for Asynchronous Machines With Low Resolution Position Sensing.	Luca Bascetta
Performance Management in Collaborative Networks: a Methodological Proposal.	António Lucas Soares
Performance Models For Master/Slave Parallel Programs.	Lucas Baldo
Performance analysis of Ethernet Powerlink networks for distributed control and automation systems.	Lucia Seno
Performance analysis of Modified Deficit Round Robin schedulers.	Luciano Lenzini
Performance analysis of a semantics-enabled service registry.	Luc Moreau
Performance analysis of available bandwidth estimation tools for grid networks.	Luciano Jerez Chaves
Performance analysis of linear MIMO equalizers for multitone DS/SS systems in multipath channels.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performance analysis of linear joint equalization and multiple access interference cancellation for multitone CDMA.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performance analysis of linear receivers in a MIMO relaying system.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performance analysis of sequential tests between Poisson processes.	J. DeLucia
Performance analysis of two adaptive radar detectors against non-Gaussian real sea clutter data.	Lucio Verrazzani
Performance and Computational Complexity Assessment of High-Efficiency Video Encoders.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Performance and Cost Evaluation of an Adaptive Encryption Architecture for Cloud Databases.	Luca Ferretti
Performance and Design of Mobility Allowance Shuttle Transit Services: Bounds on the Maximum Longitudinal Velocity.	Luca Quadrifoglio
Performance comparison criteria for ATM switch models.	André-Luc Beylot
Performance comparison of advanced antenna systems for wireless mesh routers in an outdoor environment.	Lucio Mania
Performance evaluation of a discovery and scheduling protocol for multihop ad hoc mobile grids.	Luciana dos S. Lima
Performance evaluation of a simulated data-flow computer with low-resolution actors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Performance evaluation of an IEEE 802.11g mesh network with multiradio nodes.	Luca Bencini
Performance evaluation of capacity request and allocation mechanisms for HiperLAN2 wireless LANs.	Luciano Lenzini
Performance evaluation of measurement data acquisition mechanisms in a distributed computing environment integrating remote laboratory instrumentation.	Luca Berruti
Performance evaluation of polling systems for wireless local communication networks.	Luca Zoppi
Performance evaluation of the MetaRing MAC protocol carrying asynchronous traffic.	Luciano Lenzini
Performance evaluation of the random replacement policy for networks of caches.	Luca Muscariello
Performance limitations and remedies in adaptive spatial filtering with timing errors.	Luca Timmoneri
Performance measurement of the after-sales service network - Evidence from the automotive industry.	Lucrezia Songini
Performance of DEC Rdb Version 6.0 on AXP Systems	Lucien A. Dimino
Performance of Digital DECT Radio Links Based on Semianalytical Methods.	Luciano Tomba
Performance of Interpulse Signal Coding in Interleaved-Pulse Polarimetric SAR.	Luca Facheris
Performance of One-Round Walks in Linear Congestion Games.	Luca Moscardelli
Performance of Power-Constrained Estimation in Hierarchical Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performance of a H.264/AVC Error Detection Algorithm Based on Syntax Analysis.	Luca Superiori
Performance of a Modular Wideband HVDC Reference Divider for Voltages up to 1000 kV.	Wolfgang Lucas
Performance of a Wideband 200-kV HVDC Reference Divider Module.	Wolfgang Lucas
Performance of a cellular network based on frequency hopping with dynamic channel allocation and power control.	Luca Zuliani
Performance of fingerprint quality measures depending on sensor technology.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Performance of general transmitter induced cyclostationarity precoders: analysis based on a MMSE-DF receiver.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performance prediction of the incoherent detector for a weibull fluctuating target.	Luca Pallotta
Performances Evaluation of a Novel Hadoop and Spark Based System of Image Retrieval for Huge Collections.	Luca Costantini
Performances of linear tools and models for error detection and concealment in subband image transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
Performing edge detection by difference of Gaussians using q-Gaussian kernels.	Lucas Assirati
Periodic Orbits and Dynamical Complexity in Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Periodic Oscillations for Nonmonotonic Smooth Negative Feedback Circuits.	Jean-Luc Gouzé
Periodic and Sturmian languages.	Lucian Ilie
Periodic output feedback stabilization of single-input single-output continuous-time systems with odd relative degree.	Luc Moreau
Periodic-like words, periodicity, and boxes.	Aldo de Luca
Periodicity and local complexity.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Periods and Binary Words.	Lucian Ilie
Permutation Entropy and Its Main Biomedical and Econophysics Applications: A Review.	Luciano Zunino
Permutation of Data Blocks in a Bubble Memory.	Fabrizio Luccio
Persistent fluctuations in a dual model with frictions: The role of delays.	Luca Guerrini
Person recognition using facial video information: A state of the art.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Person-centred simulation of product development processes.	Holger Luczak
Personal identity verification by serial fusion of fingerprint and face matchers.	Luca Didaci
Personal identity verification by serial fusion of fingerprint and face matchers.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Personal inquiry learning trajectories in geography: technological support across contexts.	Lucinda Kerawalla
Personal mobility aspects in service architectures: extensions to TINA.	Ferdinando Lucidi
Personalised Grid service discovery.	Luc Moreau
Personalised Grid service discovery.	Michael Luck
Personalised recommendations based on novel semantic similarity and clustering procedures.	Lucas Marin
Personalization algorithm for real-time activity recognition using PDA, wireless motion bands, and binary decision tree.	Luc Cluitmans
Personalized Machine Translation: Preserving Original Author Traits.	Lucia Specia
Personalized and Adaptive Services on Board a Car: An Application for Tourist Information.	Luca Console
Personalized emergency medical assistance for disabled people.	Luca Chittaro
Personalized emergency medical assistance for disabled people.	Luca De Marco
Personalized tag recommendation based on generalized rules.	Luca Cagliero
Perspective alignment in spatial language	Luc Steels
Perspective changing in WalCT and VR-WalCT: A gender difference study [WalCT - VR-WalCT: Gender differences].	Daniele De Luca
Perspective-Based Reading: A Replicated Experiment Focused on Individual Reviewer Effectiveness.	Luciana Andréia Fondazzi Martimiano
Persuasive advertising under Bertrand competition: A differential game.	Luca Lambertini
Perturbation: An Efficient Technique for the Solution of Very Large Instances of the Euclidean TSP.	Luciano Margara
Pervasive Cloud Controller for Geotemporal Inputs.	Drazen Lucanin
Pervasive Computing for Interactive Virtual Heritage.	Luca Benini
Pervasive Information Architecture: Designing Cross-Channel User Experiences Book Review.	Luca Rosati
Pervasive University - A Technical Perspective (Die Pervasive University aus technischer Perspektive).	Ulrike Lucke
Petri Net Plans - A framework for collaboration and coordination in multi-robot systems.	Luca Iocchi
Petri Nets as Semantic Domain for Diagram Notations.	Luciano Baresi
Phage display can select over-hydrophobic sequences that may impair prediction of natural domain-peptide interactions.	Katja Luck
Pharmacophore Modeling as an Efficient Tool in the Discovery of Novel Noncompetitive AMPA Receptor Antagonists.	Laura De Luca
Phase Based Localization for Underwater Vehicles Using Interval Analysis.	Luc Jaulin
Phase Noise Suppression in MIMO LoS Systems for High Capacity Backhauling.	Luca Reggiani
Phase transition and computational complexity in a stochastic prime number generator	Lucas Lacasa
Phase transition phenomena in random discrete structures.	Tomasz Luczak
Phase-based spatio-temporal interpolation for accurate 3D localization in camera networks.	Luca Cosmo
PheNetic: network-based interpretation of molecular profiling data.	Luc De Raedt
PhenDisco: phenotype discovery system for the database of genotypes and phenotypes.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Phenomena - A visual environment for querying heterogenous spatial data.	Luca Paolino
Phenylene vinylene oligomers studied by theoretical methods: Joint analysis of computational and x-ray results of the configurational isomers of 1, 4-bis[2-(3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl)ethenyl]benzene.	Luc van Meervelt
Pheromone based emergent shop floor control system for flexible flow shops.	Luc Bongaerts
Phone, Email and Video Interactions with Characters in an Epidemiology Game: Towards Authenticity.	Jean-Luc Bosson
Phonemicization for the Generation of Vi-syllable.	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Phonon Dephasing of the Exciton in InAs/GaAs Quantum Dots.	Lucjan Jacak
Phosfinder: a web server for the identification of phosphate-binding sites on protein structures.	Luca Parca
Phosphorelays Provide Tunable Signal Processing Capabilities for the Cell.	Luca Cardelli
Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network.	Lucas Theis
PhotoCloud: Interactive Remote Exploration of Joint 2D and 3D Datasets.	Luca Benedetti
Photomasks Fabrication Based on Optical Reduction for Microfluidic Applications.	Luca De Stefano
Photometric Bundle Adjustment for Vision-Based SLAM.	Simon Lucey
Photonic Networks-on-Chip for Future Generations of Chip Multiprocessors.	Luca P. Carloni
Photonic NoCs: System-Level Design Exploration.	Luca P. Carloni
Photonic density of states maps for design of photonic crystal devices.	J. A. Andrade Lucio
Photovoltaic scavenging systems: Modeling and optimization.	Luca Benini
Photovoltaic scavenging systems: Modeling and optimization.	Luca Larcher
Phrase detectives: Utilizing collective intelligence for internet-scale language resource creation.	Luca Ducceschi
PhylDiag: identifying complex synteny blocks that include tandem duplications using phylogenetic gene trees.	Joseph M. E. X. Lucas
PhyloPro: a web-based tool for the generation and visualization of phylogenetic profiles across Eukarya.	Lucas Lochovsky
Phylogenetically informed logic relationships improve detection of biological network organization.	Todd F. DeLuca
Physical Layer Cryptography and Cognitive Networks.	Luca Simone Ronga
Physical simulation of land vehicles with obstacle avoidance and various terrain interactions.	Annie Luciani
Physical-Layer Modeling and System-Level Design of Chip-Scale Photonic Interconnection Networks.	Luca P. Carloni
Physically Unclonable Functions Derived From Cellular Neural Networks.	Luca Pancioni
Physically based analytical model of the blocking I-V curve of Trench IGBTs.	Luca Maresca
Physically-based particle simulation and visualization of pastes and gels	Annie Luciani
Physicians' opinions of a health information exchange.	Ana Lucia Hincapie
PiDuce - A project for experimenting Web services technologies.	Luca Padovani
Picker-Chooser fixed graph games.	Tomasz Luczak
PicoDBMS: Scaling down database techniques for the smartcard.	Luc Bouganim
Picosecond photodiffraction in semiconductor multiquantum wells and microcavities.	Luc le Gratiet
Picture, Archiving and Communication System in the Italian NHS: A Primer on Diffusion and Evaluation Analysis.	Luca Buccoliero
Piecewise Linear Segmentation of Digital Contours in O(N. Log(N)) Through a Technique Based on Effective Digital Curvature Estimation.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Piecewise finite series solution of nonlinear initial value differential problem.	Lucas Jódar
Piecewise testable tree languages	Luc Segoufin
Piecewise-quadratic Lyapunov functions for systems with deadzones or saturations.	Luca Zaccarian
Pilot Contamination Mitigation for Wideband Massive MMO: Number of Cells Vs Multipath.	Luc Vandendorpe
Pilot-Abstraction: A Valid Abstraction for Data-Intensive Applications on HPC, Hadoop and Cloud Infrastructures?	André Luckow
Pilot-Aided Carrier Recovery in the Presence of Phase Noise.	Luca Barletta
Pilot-Data: An Abstraction for Distributed Data	André Luckow
Pilot-Data: An abstraction for distributed data.	André Luckow
Pink Panther: A Complete Environment For Ground-Truthing And Benchmarking Document Page Segmentation.	Luc Vincent
Pinned OS/Services: A Case Study of XML Parsing on Intel SCC.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
PipeAlign: a new toolkit for protein family analysis.	Luc Moulinier
Pipelineable On-Line Encryption.	Stefan Lucks
Pipelining Sequential Circuits with Wave Steering.	Luca Macchiarulo
Pitfalls for CDM calibration procedures.	Jean Luc Lefebvre
Pivotal decompositions of functions	Jean-Luc Marichal
Pivotal decompositions of functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Planar Pose Graph Optimization: Duality, Optimal Solutions, and Verification.	Luca Carlone
Planar homologies as a basis for grouping and recognition.	Luc J. Van Gool
Planning and Management of Distributed Energy Resources and Loads in a Smart Microgrid.	Luca Barillari
Planning in the continuous domain: A generalized belief space approach for autonomous navigation in unknown environments.	Luca Carlone
Plans, Actions and Dialogues Using Linear Logic.	Lucas Dixon
Plant Management, the Locus of Decision Making, and the Information Services Department.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Plasma Position and Elongation Regulation at FTU Using Dynamic Input Allocation.	Luca Zaccarian
Plasma Position and Elongation Regulation at FTU Using Dynamic Input Allocation.	Luca Boncagni
Plastic brain mechanisms for attaining auditory temporal order judgment proficiency.	Lucas Spierer
Plasticity in representations of environmental sounds revealed by electrical neuroimaging.	Lucas Spierer
Platform Based Design for Automotive Sensor Conditioning	Luca Fanucci
Platform based design for wireless sensor networks.	Luca P. Carloni
Playful or Gameful?: creating delightful user experiences.	Andrés Lucero
Playing In or Out of Character: User Role Differences in the Experience of Interactive Storytelling.	Jean-Luc Lugrin
Playout buffering in IP telephony: A survey discussing problems and approaches.	Mirko Luca Lobina
Playout buffering of speech packets based on a quality maximization approach.	Mirko Luca Lobina
Plug and do business - ERP of the next generation for efficient order processing in dynamic business networks.	Thorsten Lucke
Plurality Consensus in the Gossip Model.	Luca Becchetti
Pneumonia identification using statistical feature selection.	Lucy Vanderwende
Point Location in Disconnected Planar Subdivisions	Luc Devroye
Point-Process Nonlinear Models With Laguerre and Volterra Expansions: Instantaneous Assessment of Heartbeat Dynamics.	Luca Citi
Pointers and Data Abstractions in High Level Languages - I: Language Proposals.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Polar Grassmannians and their Codes.	Luca Giuzzi
Polarimetric Characterization and Temporal Stability Analysis of Urban Target Scattering.	Luca Pipia
Polarimetric Differential SAR Interferometry: First Results With Ground-Based Measurements.	Luca Pipia
Polarimetric Temporal Analysis of Urban Environments With a Ground-Based SAR.	Luca Pipia
Polarization diversity for multiband UWB systems.	Luca Simone Ronga
Polarized User and Topic Tracking in Twitter.	Claudio Lucchese
Policy Gradient Methods for Off-policy Control.	Lucas Lehnert
Policy as Types.	Lucius Gregory Meredith
Policy gradient in Lipschitz Markov Decision Processes.	Luca Bascetta
Policy gradient learning for a humanoid soccer robot.	Luca Iocchi
Policy gradient learning for quadruped soccer robots.	Luca Iocchi
Policy learning for time-bounded reachability in Continuous-Time Markov Decision Processes via doubly-stochastic gradient ascent.	Luca Bortolussi
Policy optimization for dynamic power management.	Luca Benini
Policy-Based Grooming in Optical Networks.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
Pollen: using people as a communication medium.	Jean-Luc Meunier
PolyFront: an algorithm for fast generation of high quality triangular mesh.	Luciano Misici
Polygonal patch antennas for wireless communications.	Lucio Vegni
Polyhedral reachable set with positive controls.	Luca Benvenuti
Polyhedral results and a Branch-and-cut algorithm for the $$k$$ -cardinality tree problem.	Abilio Lucena
Polynomial Functions Over Bounded Distributive Lattices.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Polynomial Rings in Which Delta Operators are Derivations.	Luca Ferrari
Polynomial approximation of nonlinear differential systems with prefixed accuracy.	Lucas Jódar
Polynomial cases of the economic lot sizing problem with cost discounts.	Luca Bertazzi
Polynomial-based non-uniform interpolatory subdivision with features control.	Lucia Romani
Polynomials over the reals in proofs of termination: from theory to practice.	Salvador Lucas
Polyphase FIR Networks Based on Frequency Sampling for Multirate DSP Applications.	Luciano Boquete-Vázquez
Pooling Hybrid Representations for Web Structured Data Annotation.	Luciano Barbosa
Population genetic analysis of bi-allelic structural variants from low-coverage sequence data with an expectation-maximization algorithm.	José Ignacio Lucas-Lledó
Pore-Network Modeling of Water and Vapor Transport in the Micro Porous Layer and Gas Diffusion Layer of a Polymer Electrolyte Fuel Cell.	Lucas M. Van Oosterhout
Portable and fast text detection.	Luca Zini
Portfolio insurance: Gap risk under conditional multiples.	Jean-Luc Prigent
Portrait of an Online Shopper: Understanding and Predicting Consumer Behavior.	Luca Maria Aiello
Pose Graph Optimization in the Complex Domain: Lagrangian Duality, Conditions For Zero Duality Gap, and Optimal Solutions.	Luca Carlone
Position Analysis of a Class of Translational Parallel Mechanisms.	Luca E. Bruzzone
Position Regulation of an EGR Valve Using Reset Control With Adaptive Feedforward.	Luca Zaccarian
Position-dependent motif characterization using non-negative matrix factorization.	Lucie N. Hutchins
Positive and compartmental systems.	Luca Benvenuti
Positive definite balancing Neumann-Neumann preconditioners for nearly incompressible elasticity.	Luca F. Pavarino
Positive finite difference schemes for a partial integro-differential option pricing model.	Lucas Jódar
Positive solutions for a system of fractional differential equations with coupled integral boundary conditions.	Rodica Luca
Positive solutions for a system of higher-order multi-point boundary value problems.	Rodica Luca
Positive solutions for a system of second-order multi-point boundary value problems.	Rodica Luca
Positive solutions for a system of second-order nonlinear multi-point eigenvalue problems.	Rodica Luca
Positive solutions of discrete dynamic Leontief input-output model with possibly singular capital matrix.	Lucas Jódar
Positivity Preservation Properties of the Rantzer Multipliers.	Lucy Y. Pao
Positivity and Conservation Properties of Some Integration Schemes for Mass Action Kinetics.	Luca Formaggia
Post local forms of repair: The (extended) situation of virtualised technical support.	Luciana D'Adderio
Poster Abstract: Impact of Basic Computerized Prescribing on Outpatient Medication Errors and Adverse Drug Events.	Lucian Leape
Postorder Disjoint Set Union is Linear.	Joan M. Lucas
Potential Impact of Value Prediction on Communication in Many-Core Architectures.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Potential Nitrogen Load from Crop-Livestock Systems: A Spatial Database for a Multi-Scale Assessment and Mapping.	Luciano Morbidini
Power Allocation in Two-Hop Amplify-and-Forward MIMO Relay Systems With QoS Requirements.	Luca Sanguinetti
Power Allocation in Two-Hop Amplify-and-Forward MIMO Relay Systems with QoS requirements	Luca Sanguinetti
Power Constrained Linear Estimation in Wireless Sensor Networks With Correlated Data and Digital Modulation.	Luc Vandendorpe
Power Control in Networks With Heterogeneous Users: A Quasi-Variational Inequality Approach.	Luc Vandendorpe
Power Control in Networks With Heterogeneous Users: A Quasi-Variational Inequality Approach.	Luca Sanguinetti
Power Dissipation of the Network-on-Chip in Multi-Processor System-on-Chip Dedicated for Video Coding Applications.	Luc J. M. Montperrus
Power Indices and the Measurement of Control in Corporate Structures.	Luc Leruth
Power Minimization for OFDM Transmission with Subcarrier-Pair Based Opportunistic DF Relaying.	Luc Vandendorpe
Power Noise Measurements of Cryptographic VLSI Circuits Regarding Side-Channel Information Leakage.	Jean-Luc Danger
Power Optimization of an 8051-Compliant IP Microcontroller.	Luca Fanucci
Power Saving Strategies and Technologies in Network Equipment Opportunities and Challenges, Risk and Rewards	Luc Ceuppens
Power Sensor Calibration by Implementing True-Twin Microcalorimeter.	Luca Oberto
Power Sensor Calibration by Implementing True-Twin Microcalorimeter.	Luciano Brunetti
Power Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
Power Values of Divisor Sums.	Florian Luca
Power and performance control of soft real-time web server clusters.	Luciano Bertini
Power consumption in telecommunication networks: overview and reduction strategies.	Luc Martens
Power consumption model for macrocell and microcell base stations.	Luc Martens
Power consumption of A/D converters for software radio applications.	Luc Astier
Power in voting rules with abstention: an axiomatization of a two components power index.	Roberto Lucchetti
Power macromodeling of MPSoC message passing primitives.	Luca Benini
Power management in the EPOS system.	Lucas Francisco Wanner
Power minimization for OFDM Transmission with Subcarrier-pair based Opportunistic DF Relaying	Luc Vandendorpe
Power optimization for dynamic configuration in heterogeneous web server clusters.	Luciano Bertini
Power optimization of core-based systems by address bus encoding.	Luca Benini
Power, Area, and Performance Optimization of Standard Cell Memory Arrays Through Controlled Placement.	Luca Benini
Power, Cash, and Convenience: Translations in the Political Site of the ATM.	Lucas D. Introna
Power-Aware Job Scheduling on Heterogeneous Multicore Architectures.	Luca Vanzolini
Power-Delay-Area-Noise Margin Tradeoffs in Positive-Feedback MOS Current-Mode Logic.	Luca Pancioni
Power-Gated Differential Logic Style Based on Double-Gate Controllable-Polarity Transistors.	Luca Gaetano Amarù
Power-Optimized Topology Formation and Configuration in Bluetooth Sensor Networks: An Experimental Approach.	Luca Negri
Power-Rate Allocation in DS/CDMA Based on Discretized Verhulst Equilibrium	Lucas Dias H. Sampaio
Power-aware computing systems.	Luca Benini
Power-aware dynamic mapping heuristics for NoC-based MPSoCs using a unified model-based approach.	Luciano Ost
Power-aware operating systems for interactive systems.	Luca Benini
Power-aware opportunistic downlink scheduling in IEEE 802.16 wireless networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Power-packed dynamical systems software.	Benjamin Luce
Powerful and flexible fuzzy algorithm for nonlinear dynamic system identification.	A. M. Luciano
Powergrading: a Clustering Approach to Amplify Human Effort for Short Answer Grading.	Lucy Vanderwende
PrIMe: A methodology for developing provenance-aware applications.	Luc Moreau
Practical Type Inference for Polymorphic Recursion: an Implementation in Haskell.	Lucília Figueiredo
Practical and accurate calibration of RGB-D cameras using spheres.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Practical and theoretical innovations in multi-agent systems research.	Michael Luck
Practical electronic lotteries with offline TTP.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Practical improvements of side-channel attacks on AES: feedback from the 2nd DPA contest.	Jean-Luc Danger
Practical laboratory project in telemedicine: Supervision of electrocardiograms by mobile telephony.	Luciano Boquete
Practical models for energy-efficient prefetching in mobile embedded systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Practical network security: experiences with ntop.	Luca Deri
Practical stability and stabilization.	Luc Moreau
Practice-based Design of Information Systems: Notes from the hyper-developed world.	Lucy A. Suchman
Prague Dependency Treebank: Enrichment of the Underlying Syntactic Annotation by Coreferential Mark-Up.	Lucie Kucová
Pre-equalization Techniques for Downlink and Uplink TDD MC-CDMA Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
Preaggregation Functions: Construction and an Application.	Giancarlo Lucca
Preassociative aggregation functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Precedence Temporal Networks to represent temporal relationships in gene expression data.	Lucia Sacchi
Precision Agriculture: Using Low-Cost Systems to Acquire Low-Altitude Images.	Kalinka Regina Lucas Jaquie Castelo Branco
Precision Range Image Registration Using a Robust Surface Interpenetration Measure and Enhanced Genetic Algorithms.	Luciano Silva
Precision impedance measurements by the three-voltage method with a novel high-stability multiphase DDS generator.	Luca Callegaro
Precoded GFDM transceiver with low complexity time domain processing.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Preconditioned Mixed Spectral Element Methods for Elasticity and Stokes Problems.	Luca F. Pavarino
Preconditioning Indefinite Systems in Interior Point Methods for Optimization.	Luca Bergamaschi
Precursors predicted by artificial neural networks for mass balance calculations: Quantifying hydrothermal alteration in volcanic rocks.	Lucie Mathieu
Predator-prey model with prey-taxis and diffusion.	David Lucy
Predicting Chaotic Time Series Using Neural and Neurofuzzy Models: A Comparative Study.	Caro Lucas
Predicting Dominance Rankings for Score-Based Games.	Simon M. Lucas
Predicting Efficiency in master-slave grid computing systems	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Predicting First Impressions with Deep Learning.	Lucas Parzianello
Predicting Glaucoma Progression using Decision Trees for Clustered Data by goodness of Split.	Lucie Sharpsten
Predicting Physical-Chemical Properties of Compounds from Molecular Structures by Recursive Neural Networks.	Luca Bernazzani
Predicting Shot Making in Basketball using Convolutional Neural Networks Learnt from Adversarial Multiagent Trajectories.	Patrick Lucey
Predicting Successful Tactile Mapping of Virtual Objects.	Luca Giulio Brayda
Predicting accurate probabilities with a ranking loss	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Predicting carcinoid heart disease with the noisy-threshold classifier.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Predicting celebrity attendees at public events using stock photo metadata.	Luca Maria Aiello
Predicting epidemic outbreak from individual features of the spreaders	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Predicting spatio-temporal Culicoides imicola distributions in Spain based on environmental habitat characteristics and species dispersal.	J. Lucientes
Predicting the connectivity of primate cortical networks from topological and spatial node properties.	Luciano da F. Costa
Predicting the direction of stock market prices using random forest.	Luckyson Khaidem
Predicting the type of pregnancy using artificial neural networks and multinomial logistic regression: a comparison study.	Caro Lucas
Predicting workaholism in Spain: a discrete mathematical model.	Lucas Jódar
Prediction Based on a Multiscale Decomposition.	Jean-Luc Starck
Prediction and Phylogenetic Analysis of Mammalian Short Interspersed Elements (SINEs).	Luciano Milanesi
Prediction by Random-Walk Perturbation	Luc Devroye
Prediction of Breeding Values for Dairy Cattle Using Artificial Neural Networks and Neuro-Fuzzy Systems.	Caro Lucas
Prediction of Impaired Performance in Trail Making Test in MCI Patients With Small Vessel Disease Using DTI Data.	Luca Citi
Prediction of deformations during endovascular aortic aneurysm repair using finite element simulation.	Antoine Lucas
Prediction of diagnosis in patients with early arthritis using a combined Kohonen mapping and instance-based evaluation criterion.	Luc Boullart
Prediction of dose escalation for rheumatoid arthritis patients under infliximab treatment.	Luc Boullart
Prediction of pK Values, Half-Lives, and Electronic Spectra of Flavylium Salts from Molecular Structure.	Bono Lucic
Prediction of solar conditions by emotional learning.	Caro Lucas
Prediction of the Brain-Blood Distribution of a Large Set of Drugs from Structurally Derived Descriptors Using Partial Least-Squares (PLS) Modeling.	Juan M. Luco
Prediction of the Error Induced by Topography in Satellite Microwave Radiometric Observations.	Luca Pulvirenti
Predictive Control for Energy-Aware Consolidation in Cloud Datacenters.	Luca Caviglione
Predictive Deconvolution and Hybrid Feature Selection for Computer-Aided Detection of Prostate Cancer.	Luca De Marchi
Predictive Diagnosis of High-Power Transformer Faults by Networking Vibration Measuring Nodes With Integrated Signal Processing.	Luca Fanucci
Predictive control, embedded cyberphysical systems and systems of systems - A perspective.	Sergio Lucia
Predictive data mining in clinical medicine: a focus on selected methods and applications.	Lucia Sacchi
Predictive reference shaping for constrained robotic systems using evolutionary algorithms.	Mario Luca Fravolini
Predictive shelf life model based on RF technology for improving the management of food supply chain: A case study.	Luca Settanni
Preemptive Scheduling of Multiprocessor Tasks on the Dedicated Processor System Subject to Minimal Lateness.	Lucio Bianco
Preface of Special Issue on "Computer Security: Foundations and Automated Reasoning".	Luca Viganò 0001
Preface to CIbSE/ESELAW 2012 Special Issue.	Luca Cernuzzi
Preface to CLEI 2010 Special Issue.	Luca Cernuzzi
Preface to CLEI 2011 Special Issue.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Preface to the CIbSE 2014 Special Issue.	Luca Cernuzzi
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Luciano Gamberini
Preface.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Preface.	Luca Zaccarian
Preface.	Luc Brun
Preface.	Gian Luca Cattani
Preface.	Aldo de Luca
Preface.	Luca Viganò 0001
Preface.	Luca Dieci
Preface.	Luca Manzoni
Preface.	Lucas Jódar
Preface.	Luciano Lenzini
Preface.	Luciano Lenzini
Preface.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Preface.	Luc Brun
Preface.	Lucas Jódar
Preface.	Luca Cardelli
Preface.	Paqui Lucio
Preface.	Luca Aceto
Preface.	Salvador Lucas
Preface.	Luca de Alfaro
Preface.	Luca Viganò 0001
Preface.	Luca Cardelli
Preface.	Luca Viganò 0001
Preface.	Paqui Lucio
Preface.	Lucília Figueiredo
Preface.	Lucas Bordeaux
Preface.	Luca Compagna
Preface.	Luca Aceto
Preface.	Lucia Kapová Happe
Preface.	Salvador Lucas
Preface.	Luca Viganò 0001
Preface.	Luca Aceto
Preface.	Lucia Pomello
Preface.	Luca Aceto
Preface.	Luca Paolini
Preface.	Abilio Lucena
Preface.	Mario Lucertini
Preface.	Luca Dieci
Preface.	Luciano Lopez
Preface: 3rd International Workshop on Reduction Strategies in Rewriting and Programming (WRS 2003) - Final Proceedings.	Salvador Lucas
Preface: Process Algebra.	Luca Aceto
Preference Functions for Prediction of Membrane-buried Helices in Integral Membrane Proteins.	Bono Lucic
Preference Learning for Move Prediction and Evaluation Function Approximation in Othello.	Simon M. Lucas
Preference for Efficiency or Confusion? A Note on a Boundedly Rational Equilibrium Approach to Individual Contributions in a Public Good Game.	Luca Corazzini
Preferential attachment in growing spatial networks	Luca Ferretti
Preferential attachment in the growth of social networks: the case of Wikipedia	Luciana S. Buriol
Prefetching in Embedded Mobile Systems Can Be Energy-Efficient.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Prefrontal cortical abnormalities in currently depressed versus currently remitted patients with major depressive disorder.	David A. Luckenbaugh
Prefrontal hyperactivity in older people during motor planning.	Giuliana Lucci
Preliminary Evaluation of a Nest Usage Sensor to Detect Double Nest Occupations of Laying Hens.	Luciana Rossi
Preprocessing Correction for Micronucleus Image Detection Affected by Contemporaneous Alterations.	Domenico Luca Carnì
Presence and Mediated Spaces: A Review.	Lucia Renò
Presence in the age of social networks: augmenting mediated environments with feedback on group activity.	Luciano Gamberini
Presence of ATG triplets in 5' untranslated regions of eukaryotic cDNAs correlates with a `weak' context of the start codon.	Luciano Milanesi
Presentation and evaluation of an integrated model chain to respond to traffic- and health-related policy questions.	Luc Int Panis
Presentation of the analysis tool for design of onboard reconfigurable antenna for broadband SatCom and broadcast services.	Marco Luccini
Preservation and decomposition theorems for bounded degree structures.	Lucas Heimberg
Preserving mapping consistency under schema changes.	Lucian Popa
Presheaf models for CCS-like languages.	Gian Luca Cattani
Preventing Thermal Overloads in Transmission Circuits via Model Predictive Control.	Luca Ferrarini
Price of Anarchy for Greedy Auctions	Brendan Lucier
Price signaling and the strategic benefits of price rigidities.	Luca G. Deidda
Pricing European and American options by radial basis point interpolation.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
Pricing Public Goods for Private Sale	Brendan Lucier
Pricing and Intervention in Slotted-Aloha: Technical Report	Luca Canzian
Pricing and hedging American options by Monte Carlo methods using a Malliavin calculus approach.	Lucia Caramellino
Pricing in Heterogeneous Wireless Networks: Hierarchical Games and Dynamics.	Luca Rose
Primal-Dual Symmetric Intrinsic Methods for Finding Antiderivatives of Cyclically Monotone Operators.	Yves Lucet
Primal-dual and dual-fitting analysis of online scheduling algorithms for generalized flow-time problems.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Primary sex determination of placental mammals: a modelling study uncovers dynamical developmental constraints in the formation of Sertoli and granulosa cells.	Lucas Sánchez
Prime divisors of some shifted products.	Florian Luca
Prime factors of Motzkin numbers.	Florian Luca
Principle of a non-contact liquid level sensor using electromagnetic-acoustic resonators.	F. Lucklum
Principles and applications of swarm intelligence for adaptive routing in telecommunications networks.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Printed character preclassification based on word structure.	P. G. De Luca
Priority-Driven Swapping-Based Scheduling of Aperiodic Real-Time Messages Over EtherCAT Networks.	Lucia Lo Bello
Privacy Preserving Record Linkage via grams Projections	Luca Bonomi
Privacy and the City: User Identification and Location Semantics in Location-Based Social Networks.	Luca Rossi 0004
Privacy in video surveilled spaces.	Luc J. Van Gool
Privacy support in people-centric sensing.	Luca Filipponi
Privacy support in people-centric sensing.	Luca Becchetti
Privacy-Preserving Multi-Party Reconciliation Secure in the Malicious Model (Extended version).	Lucas Brutschy
Privacy-preserving advance power reservation.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Privacy-preserving heterogeneous health data sharing.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Private Processing of Outsourced Network Functions: Feasibility and Constructions.	Luca Melis
Private Processing of Outsourced Network Functions: Feasibility and Constructions.	Luca Melis
Private and Social Incentives towards Investment in Product Differentiation.	Luca Lambertini
ProCMD: a database and 3D web resource for protein C mutants.	Luciano Milanesi
Proactive inhibitory control of movement assessed by event-related fMRI.	Jean-Luc Anton
Proactive inhibitory control of movement assessed by event-related fMRI.	Jean-Luc Velay
Probabilistic (logic) programming concepts.	Luc De Raedt
Probabilistic Approach for Yield Analysis of Dynamic Logic Circuits.	Lucas Brusamarello
Probabilistic Bag-Of-Hyperlinks Model for Entity Linking.	Aurélien Lucchi
Probabilistic Frame Induction	Lucy Vanderwende
Probabilistic Measures of Coherence and the Problem of Belief Individuation.	Luca Moretti
Probabilistic Power Flow Computation via Low-Rank and Sparse Tensor Recovery.	Luca Daniel
Probabilistic Programming Concepts.	Luc De Raedt
Probabilistic Search as a Strategy Selection Procedure.	Luc Devroye
Probabilistic Self-Stabilization.	Luca Becchetti
Probabilistic behavior of asymmetric level compressed tries.	Luc Devroye
Probabilistic component-based analysis for networks: invited paper.	Luca Santinelli
Probabilistic functional tractography of the human cortex.	Luca De Palma
Probabilistic generation of finite groups with a unique minimal normal subgroups.	Andrea Lucchini
Probabilistic logic learning.	Luc De Raedt
Probabilistic logic programming for hybrid relational domains.	Luc De Raedt
Probabilistic problem solving in biomedicine.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Probabilistic runoff volume forecasting in risk-based optimization for RTC of urban drainage systems.	Luca Vezzaro
Probabilistic satisfiability and coherence checking through integer programming.	Lucas Fargoni di Ianni
Probabilistically checkable proofs with low amortized query complexity	Luca Trevisan
Probability density functions of soft information.	Luca Reggiani
Probability of Error of Linearly Modulated Signals with Gaussian Cochannel Interference in Maximally Correlated Rayleigh Fading Channels.	Luca Rugini
Probability of connection in regular stochastic networks.	Corinne Lucet
Probe interval and probe unit interval graphs on superclasses of cographs.	Luciano N. Grippo
Probe interval graphs and probe unit interval graphs on superclasses of cographs.	Luciano N. Grippo
Probe mapping across multiple microarray platforms.	Luc Girard
Probing the free energy landscape of the FBP28WW domain using multiple techniques.	Lucy R. Allen
Probing the statistical properties of unknown texts: application to the Voynich Manuscript	Luciano da F. Costa
Problem 10793.	Florian Luca
Problem 11090.	Florian Luca
Problem Oriented Software Engineering: Solving the Package Router Control Problem.	Lucia Rapanotti
Problem frame semantics for software development.	Lucia Rapanotti
Problem solution sustenance in XCS: Markov chain analysis of niche support distributions and the impact on computational complexity.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Problem solving with the Beilstein handbook.	Reiner Luckenbach
Problems and potentials in web-based instruction, with particular focus on distance learning.	Kathleen Luchini
Procedural Modeling for Digital Cultural Heritage.	Luc J. Van Gool
Procedural modeling of buildings.	Luc J. Van Gool
Procedure to Optimize Coverage and Throughput for a DVB-H System Based on Field Trials.	Luc Martens
Proceedings of the Fifth International Workshop on Domain-Specific Languages and Models for Robotic Systems (DSLRob 2014).	Luca Gherardi
Proceedings of the second "international Traveling Workshop on Interactions between Sparse models and Technology" (iTWIST'14).	Jean-Luc Starck
Proceedings of the second "international Traveling Workshop on Interactions between Sparse models and Technology" (iTWIST'14).	Luc Le Magoarou
Proceedings of the third "international Traveling Workshop on Interactions between Sparse models and Technology" (iTWIST'16).	Jean-Luc Starck
Process Spillovers and Growth: A Comment on the Existence of a Stable Closed-Loop Nash Equilibrium.	Shravan Luckraz
Process algebras for systems diagnosis.	Luca Console
Process and Product Innovation in a Vertically Differentiated Industry.	Luca Lambertini
Process and Structural Implications for IT-Enabled Outsourcing.	Gregory T. Luckock
Process management tasks and barriers: functional to processes approach.	Lucia Aparecida da Silva
Process mining through artificial neural networks and support vector machines: A systematic literature review.	Lucas Corrêa Martins
Process models for agent-based development.	Luca Cernuzzi
Processes in space.	Luca Cardelli
Processing Time Reduction: an Application in Living Human High-Resolution Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data.	Lucia Fonseca
Processing magnetic sensor array data for AC current measurement in multiconductor systems.	Luca di Rienzo
Procrastination with variable present bias.	Brendan Lucier
Producing stylized videos using the AnimVideo rendering tool.	Lucas M. Oliveira
Profiling firms conducting international electronic commerce: an exploratory analysis.	Luc Cassivi
Profunctors, open maps and bisimulation.	Gian Luca Cattani
Progmosis: Evaluating Risky Individual Behavior During Epidemics Using Mobile Network Data.	Luca Rossi 0004
Program Derivation Using Data Types: A Case Study.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Program Schemes, Recursion Schemes, and Formal Languages.	David C. Luckham
Program equivalence by circular reasoning.	Dorel Lucanu
Program graph allocation in distributed multicomputers.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Program: a record of the first 40 years of electronic library and information systems.	Lucy A. Tedd
Programmable Hash Functions go Private: Constructions and Applications to (Homomorphic) Signatures with Shorter Public Keys.	Luca Nizzardo
Programmatically defining the software footprint of sensor networks using the Android platform.	Luca Clementi
Programming Discrete Distributions with Chemical Reaction Networks.	Luca Laurenti
Programming Discrete Distributions with Chemical Reaction Networks.	Luca Cardelli
Programming Highly Parallel Reconfigurable Architectures for Symmetric and Asymmetric Cryptographic Applications.	Luca Breveglieri
Programming Massively Parallel Architectures using MARTE: a Case Study	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Programming in a Wide Spectrum Language: A Collection of Examples.	M. Luckmann
Programming wireless sensor networks: Fundamental concepts and state of the art.	Luca Mottola
Programming with behavior-processes.	Luc Steels
Progress on the Murty-Simon Conjecture on diameter-2 critical graphs: a survey.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Progressive global random search of continuous functions.	Luc Devroye
Progressive image coding for visual surveillance applications based on statistical morphological skeleton.	Gian Luca Foresti
Project Fox: dissezione di un singolare progetto di Experience Design (only italian).	Luca Simeone
Projection Mapping on Arbitrary Cubic Cell Complexes.	Luciano Silva
Projection of fMRI data onto the cortical surface using anatomically-informed convolution kernels.	Jean-Luc Anton
Projection-Forcing Multisets of Weight Changes	Lucas Sabalka
Projection-forcing multisets of weight changes.	Lucas Sabalka
Projections géographiques adaptées a la radiogoniométrie a grande distance et a la navigation orthodromique.	Lucien Guénot
Promise Hierarchies	Luca Trevisan
Promoting Cooperation in Wireless Relay Networks Through Stackelberg Dynamic Scheduling.	Luca Canzian
Prompter - Turning the IDE into a self-confident programming assistant.	Luca Ponzanelli
Proof Tactics for Theorem Proving Graph Grammars through Rodin.	Luciana Foss
Proof of Termination within a Weak Logic of Programs.	David C. Luckham
Proof-theoretic semantics, paradoxes and the distinction between sense and denotation.	Luca Tranchini
Propagation Pattern Analysis During Atrial Fibrillation Based on Sparse Modeling.	Luca Faes
Propagation algorithms on graphs for physical applications.	Luc Vincent
Propagation speed of the maximum of the fundamental solution to the fractional diffusion-wave equation.	Yuri Luchko
Propensity to trust and the influence of source and medium cues in credibility evaluation.	Teun Lucassen
Properly Maximal Points in Product Spaces.	Dinh The Luc
Properties of Balanced Permutations.	Lucinda K. Southworth
Properties of Random Triangulations and Trees.	Luc Devroye
Properties of the MAC layer in safety vehicular Ad Hoc networks.	André-Luc Beylot
Properties of total domination edge-critical graphs.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Property rights and investments: An evolutionary approach.	Luciano Andreozzi
Proportional-Integral Clock Synchronization in Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Schenato
Proposal of an innovative benchmark for accuracy evaluation of dental crown manufacturing.	Luca Iuliano
Proposed Framework for Evaluating Quality of Experience in a Mobile, Testbed-oriented Living Lab Setting.	Luc Martens
Proposed architecture and algorithm for personalized advertising on iDTV and mobile devices.	Luc Martens
Proposed model for a Romanian register of chronic diseases in children.	Lucia Daina
Proposition d'une methode de qualification et de selection d'un logiciel d'analyse et de suivi du referencement dans les moteurs de recherche	Luc Quoniam
Propositional Satisfiability and Constraint Programming: A comparative survey.	Lucas Bordeaux
Prosper: image and robot-guided prostate brachytherapy	Jean-Luc Descotes
Prostate biopsies guided by three-dimensional real-time (4-D) transrectal ultrasonography on a phantom: comparative study versus two-dimensional transrectal ultrasound-guided biopsies	Jean-Luc Descotes
Prosthetic component segmentation with blur compensation: a fast method for 3D fluoroscopy.	Luca Tersi
Protean Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Protecting patient privacy by quantifiable control of disclosures in disseminated databases.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Protecting patient privacy from unauthorized release of medical images using a bio-inspired wavelet-based watermarking approach.	Caro Lucas
Protecting the NOEKEON Cipher Against SCARE Attacks in FPGAs by using Dynamic Implementations.	Jean-Luc Danger
Protection of (dA.dT) cluster regions in the DNAase I cleavage of DNA by specific interaction with netropsin.	G. Luck
Protein Flexibility in Virtual Screening: The BACE-1 Case Study.	Luciana Marinelli
Protein Sectors: Statistical Coupling Analysis versus Conservation.	Lucy J. Colwell
Protein Structure Prediction in Lattice Models with Particle Swarm Optimization.	Henri Luchian
Protein Topology Determines Cysteine Oxidation Fate: The Case of Sulfenyl Amide Formation among Protein Families.	Lucas A. Defelipe
Proteome analysis of bronchoalveolar lavage in pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis.	Luca Bini
Protests and reputation.	Lucia Buenrostro
Protocol insecurity with a finite number of sessions and a cost-sensitive guessing intruder is NP-complete.	Luca Viganò 0001
Prototype of an Automatic Digital Modulation Classifier Embedded in a Real-Time Spectrum Analyzer.	Luca De Vito
Prototyping flexible touch screen devices using collocated haptic-graphic elastic-object deformation on the GPU.	Cristian Luciano
ProtozoaDB: dynamic visualization and exploration of protozoan genomes.	Luciana Matos
Provenance in Agent-Mediated Healthcare Systems.	Luc Moreau
Provenance in bioinformatics workflows.	Luciana S. A. Gomes
Provenance-based reproducibility in the Semantic Web.	Luc Moreau
Provenance-based validation of e-science experiments.	Luc Moreau
Provenance: The Bridge Between Experiments and Data.	Luc Moreau
Providing Service Guarantees in 802.11e EDCA WLANs with Legacy Stations.	Luca Vollero
Providing air-time usage fairness in IEEE 802.11 networks with the deficit transmission time (DTT) scheduler.	Luca Tavanti
Providing air-time usage fairness in IEEE 802.11 networks with the deficit transmission time (DTT) scheduler.	Stefano Lucetti
Providing distributed certificate authority service in cluster-based mobile ad hoc networks.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Proving Termination of Context-Sensitive Rewriting with MU-TERM.	Salvador Lucas
Proving modularity for a given elliptic curve over an imaginary quadratic field.	Lucio Guerberoff
Proving operational termination of membership equational programs.	Salvador Lucas
Proving set inclusion via intervals: application to parametric robust stability.	Luc Jaulin
Proving termination of context-sensitive rewriting by transformation.	Salvador Lucas
Proving the validity of equations in GSOS languages using rule-matching bisimilarity.	Luca Aceto
Provision of Electronic Information Services for the Visually Impaired: An Overview with Case Studies from Three Institutions within the University of Wales.	Lucy A. Tedd
Provisioning QoS in inter-domain traffic engineering.	Luca Bisti
Proximal Detection of Traces of Energetic Materials with an Eye-Safe UV Raman Prototype Developed for Civil Applications.	Luca Fiorani
Proximal femoral growth plate mechanical behavior: Comparison between different developmental stages.	María Lucia Gutiérrez
Prudence in bargaining: The effect of uncertainty on bargaining outcomes.	Lucy White
Prädiktive Blickregelung für einen redundanten humanoiden Roboterkopf.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Préface.	Jean-Luc Minel
Préface.	Jean-Luc Minel
Pseudo-Linear Scale-Space Theory.	Luc Florack
Pseudo-Zernike Based Multi-Pass Automatic Target Recognition From Multi-Channel SAR.	Luca Pallotta
Pseudo-conforming polynomial finite elements on quadrilaterals.	Robert Luce
Pseudo-geodesics on three-dimensional surfaces and pseudo-geodesic meshes.	Luc Biard
Pseudopalindrome closure operators in free monoids.	Aldo de Luca
Pseudopalindrome closure operators in free monoids.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Pseudorandom Generators without the XOR Lemma.	Luca Trevisan
Pseudorandom Walks in Biregular Graphs and the RL vs. L Problem	Luca Trevisan
Pseudorandom functions in TC0 and cryptographic limitations to proving lower bounds.	Stefan Lucks
Pseudorandom generators without the XOR Lemma	Luca Trevisan
Pseudorandomness and Average-Case Complexity Via Uniform Reductions.	Luca Trevisan
Pseudorandomness and Combinatorial Constructions	Luca Trevisan
Pseudorandomness and Combinatorial Constructions	Luca Trevisan
Pseudorandomness and derandomization.	Luca Trevisan
Psychological and physiological responses to stressful situations in immersive virtual reality: Differences between users who practice mindfulness meditation and controls.	Luca Chittaro
Psychological response to an emergency in virtual reality: Effects of victim ethnicity and emergency type on helping behavior and navigation.	Luciano Gamberini
Psychological response to an emergency in virtual reality: Effects of victim ethnicity and emergency type on helping behavior and navigation.	Luca Chittaro
Psychosocial risks: Can their effects on the security of information systems really be ignored?	Lucas M. Venter
Public parks management via mathematical tools.	Lucia Tamburino
Publication, discovery and interoperability of Clinical Decision Support Systems: A Linked Data approach.	Luca Panziera
Publish (in a group) or perish (alone): the trend from single- to multi-authorship in biological papers.	Luciana de Souza Ondei
Publishers as elements of the scientific communication system.	Wulf D. von Lucius
Publishing student scholarship: exploring the ETD initiative at a medium-sized institution.	Xiaocan Lucy Wang
Pull and PushPull are PSPACE-complete.	Luciana S. Buriol
Pulsation threshold patterns of synthetic vowels: Study of the second formant emergence and the "center of gravity" effects.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Punctured hopping CDMA techniques: fundamentals and application to UWB communications.	Luciano Innocenti
PupaSNP Finder: a web tool for finding SNPs with putative effect at transcriptional level.	Lucía Conde
PupaSuite: finding functional single nucleotide polymorphisms for large-scale genotyping purposes.	Lucía Conde
PupasView: a visual tool for selecting suitable SNPs, with putative pathological effect in genes, for genotyping purposes.	Lucía Conde
Pure strategy equilibria of single and double auctions with interdependent values.	Luciano I. de Castro
Pushing around the Locus of Selection: Evidence for the Flexible-selection Hypothesis.	Steven J. Luck
Pushing the frontier of Statistical Machine Translation: Preface.	Lucia Specia
Putting functional knowledge on firmer ground.	Luca Chittaro
PyADF - A scripting framework for multiscale quantum chemistry.	Lucas Visscher
Pythagorean hodograph spline spirals that match G3 Hermite data from circles.	Luc Biard
Pythagorean-hodograph ovals of constant width.	Luc Biard
QM/MM study of aqueous solvation of the uranyl fluoride [UO2F42-] complex.	Lucas Visscher
QSAR Based on Multiple Linear Regression and PLS Methods for the Anti-HIV Activity of a Large Group of HEPT Derivatives.	Juan M. Luco
QSAR of Flavylium Salts as Inhibitors of Xanthine Oxidase.	Bono Lucic
QWalk: A quantum Monte Carlo program for electronic structure.	Lucas K. Wagner
QoS Analysis of a Scheduling Policy for Heterogeneous Users Employing AMC Jointly with ARQ.	Luca Rugini
QoS Management Through Adaptive Reservations.	Luca Marzario
QoS Management Through Adaptive Reservations.	Luca Abeni
QoS provided by the IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN to advanced data applications: a simulation analysis.	Luciano Lenzini
QoS-oriented control of server systems.	Luc Malrait
QoT-aware lightpath set-up in GMPLS-controlled WDM networks: A survey.	Luca Valcarenghi
Qsmodels: ASP Planning in Interactive Gaming Environment.	Luca Padovani
QuASAR: quantitative allele-specific analysis of reads.	Francesca Luca
QuEst - Design, Implementation and Extensions of a Framework for Machine Translation Quality Estimation.	Lucia Specia
QuMinS: Fast and scalable querying, mining and summarizing multi-modal databases.	Luciana A. S. Romani
Quadrature Bridge for R - C Comparisons Based on Polyphase Digital Synthesis.	Luca Callegaro
Quadruple Collocation Analysis for Soil Moisture Product Assessment.	Luca Pulvirenti
Qualitative Logics and Equivalences for Probabilistic Systems	Luca de Alfaro
Qualitative and Quantitative Temporal Constraints and Relational Databases: Theory, Architecture, and Applications.	Luca Console
Qualitative and quantitative experiment design for phenomenological models - A survey.	Luc Pronzato
Qualitative chain graphs and their application.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Qualitative company performance evaluation: Linear discriminant analysis and neural network models.	Luc Neuberg
Qualitative concurrent parity games.	Luca de Alfaro
Qualitative futures.	P. Lucas
Quality Assessment of the First Measurements of Tropospheric Water Vapor and Temperature by the HAMSTRAD Radiometer Over Concordia Station, Antarctica.	Jean-Luc Attie
Quality Computer Assisted Mobile Learning (CAML) and Distance Education Leadership in Managing Technology Enhanced Learning Management System (TELMS) in the Malaysian Public Tertiary Education.	Lee Tan Luck
Quality assessment and usage behavior of a mobile voice-over-IP service.	Luc Martens
Quality assessment for a visual and automatic license plate recognition.	Lucjan Janowski
Quality controls in integrative approaches to detect errors and inconsistencies in biological databases.	Luca Tettamanti
Quality estimation for machine translation: preface.	Lucia Specia
Quality improvement and process innovation in monopoly: A dynamic analysis.	Luca Lambertini
Quality of Interpersonal Relationships and Problematic Internet Use in Adolescence.	Luca Milani
Quality of service in e-government underlines the role of information usability.	Luca Tesei
Quality of service support in IEEE 802.16 networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Quality versus efficiency in document scoring with learning-to-rank models.	Claudio Lucchese
Quality-Based Fusion of Multiple Video Sensors for Video Surveillance.	Gian Luca Foresti
Quality-driven Extraction, Fusion and Matchmaking of Semantic Web API Descriptions.	Luca Panziera
Quality-of-service-aware fault tolerance for grid-enabled applications.	Luca Valcarenghi
Quantification of haemodynamic response to auditory stimulus in intensive care.	Luca T. Mainardi
Quantified Set Inversion Algorithm with Applications to Control.	Luc Jaulin
Quantifier elimination in valued Ore modules.	Luc Bélair
Quantifying Location Privacy Leakage from Transaction Prices.	Mario Lucic
Quantifying Subjective Quality Evaluations for Mobile Video Watching in a Semi-Living Lab Context.	Luc Martens
Quantifying the Influence of Rebuffering Interruptions on the User's Quality of Experience During Mobile Video Watching.	Luc Martens
Quantifying the accuracy of the ground truth associated with Internet traffic traces.	Luca Salgarelli
Quantifying the interdisciplinarity of scientific journals and fields	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Quantifying the interdisciplinarity of scientific journals and fields.	Luciano da F. Costa
Quantitative Absolute Transparency for Bilateral Teleoperation of Mobile Robots.	Lucio Rafael Salinas
Quantitative analysis of data warehouse design quality.	Lucio Ieronutti
Quantitative evaluation of upper-limb motor control in robot-aided rehabilitation.	Luca Rossini
Quantitative frame analysis and the annotation of GC-rich (and other) prokaryotic genomes. An application to Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans.	Luciano Brocchieri
Quantitative information in the tuple space coordination model.	Roberto Lucchi
Quantitative mapping of T1 and T2* discloses nigral and brainstem pathology in early Parkinson's disease.	Lucas Nürnberger
Quantitative solution of omega-regular games.	Luca de Alfaro
Quantization from Bayes factors with application to multilevel thresholding.	Jean-Luc Starck
Quantum Blackwell-Sherman-Stein Theorem and Related Results.	Andrzej Luczak
Quantum Risk-Sensitive Estimation and Robustness.	Luc Bouten
Quantum cloning disturbed by thermal Davies environment.	Jerzy Luczka
Quantum computation techniques for gauging reliability of interval and fuzzy data.	Luc Longpré
Quantum key distribution using a two-way quantum channel.	Marco Lucamarini
Quantum lower bound for inverting a permutation with advice.	Luca Trevisan
Quantum lower bound for inverting a permutation with advice.	Luca Trevisan
Quantum lower bound for inverting a permutation with advice.	Luca Trevisan
Quark: A Lightweight Hash.	Luca Henzen
Quartic double-well system modulation for under-damped stochastic resonance tuning.	Lucio Fidel Rebolledo-Herrera
Quartz Thin-Film Multijunction Thermal Converters With Built-In Tee Connector for 100 MHz.	Luciana Scarioni
Quartz planar multijunction thermal converter as a new AC-DC current transfer standard up to 1 MHz.	Luciana Scarioni
Quasi hermetic packaging for new generation of spaceborn microwave equipment.	Jean Luc Muraro
Quasi-Euclidean epipolar rectification of uncalibrated images.	Luca Irsara
Quasi-Newton acceleration for equality-constrained minimization.	Véra Lucia Rocha Lopes
Quasi-Newton acceleration of ILU preconditioners for nonlinear two-phase flow equations in porous media.	Luca Bergamaschi
Quasi-Static Scheduling of CAL Actor Networks for Reconfigurable Video Coding.	Christophe Lucarz
Quasi-interpolation in isogeometric analysis based on generalized B-splines.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Quasi-inverses of schema mappings.	Lucian Popa
Quasi-static Evolution for a Model in Strain Gradient Plasticity.	Luca Lussardi
Quasi-static Scheduling for Concurrent Architectures.	Luciano Lavagno
Quasi-static scheduling of independent tasks for reactive systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Quaternion-based EKF-SLAM from relative pose measurements: observability analysis and applications.	Luca Carlone
Quelques problèmes ouverts en théorie des langages algébriques.	Luc Boasson
Query Answering over Contextualized RDF/OWL Knowledge with Forall-Existential Bridge Rules: Attaining Decidability using Acyclicity (full version).	Luciano Serafini
Query Answering over Contextualized RDF/OWL Knowledge with Forall-Existential Bridge Rules: Decidable Finite Extension Classes (Post Print).	Luciano Serafini
Query answering over contextualized RDF/OWL knowledge with forall-existential bridge rules: Decidable finite extension classes.	Luciano Serafini
Query performance evaluation of an architecture for fine-grained integration of heterogeneous grid data sources.	Lucas Zamboulis
Query reformulation with constraints.	Lucian Popa
Querying Spatial Databases via Topological Invariants.	Luc Segoufin
Querying now-relative data.	Luca Anselma
QuotationFinder - Searching for Quotations and Allusions in Greek and Latin Texts and Establishing the Degree to Which a Quotation or Allusion Matches Its Source.	Luc Herren
R&D for green technologies in a dynamic oligopoly: Schumpeter, arrow and inverted-U's.	Luca Lambertini
R(Cn, Cn, Cn)<=(4+o(1)) n.	Tomasz Luczak
R-LINE: A better randomized 2-server algorithm on the line.	Lucas Bang
R-U-Typing-2-Me? Evolving a chat tool to increase understanding in learning activities.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
RACER: Rapid and accurate correction of errors in reads.	Lucian Ilie
RAMSES: RFID Augmented Module for Smart Environmental Sensing.	Luciano Tarricone
RAMSES: RFID Augmented Module for Smart Environmental Sensing.	Luca Catarinucci
RBF ensemble based on reduction of DAG structure.	Marcin Luckner
RBF networks for density estimation.	Lucia Sardo
RDL: A language for framework instantiation representation.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
REBOOK: A Deterministic, Robust and Scalable Resource Booking Algorithm.	Pier Luca Montessoro
REDACLE: A flexible database for traceability and workflow management for detector construction.	Luciano M. Barone
REDUSA: module generation by automatic elimination of superfluous blocks in regular structures.	Luc Rijnders
REFF book as a Mode-2 learning platform.	Luca Simeone
RELIVE: A Markerless Assistant for CPR Training.	Luca Marchetti
REPETITA: detection and discrimination of the periodicity of protein solenoid repeats by discrete Fourier transform.	Luca Marsella
RFID Sensor-Tags Feeding a Context-Aware Rule-Based Healthcare Monitoring System.	Luciano Tarricone
RFID Sensor-Tags Feeding a Context-Aware Rule-Based Healthcare Monitoring System.	Luca Catarinucci
RFID ownership transfer protocol based on cloud.	Lucas J. Wise
RHE: A JVM Courseware.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
RIB: A Robust Itemset-based Bayesian approach to classification.	Luca Cagliero
RNA-SeQC: RNA-seq metrics for quality control and process optimization.	David S. DeLuca
ROBUS [autonomous mobile robotic platform].	Mario Lucas
ROC analysis in ordinal regression learning.	Luc Boullart
RReportGenerator: automatic reports from routine statistical analysis using R.	Luc Moulinier
RSAT 2015: Regulatory Sequence Analysis Tools.	Lucie Charbonnier-Khamvongsa
RSSsite: a reference database and prediction tool for the identification of cryptic Recombination Signal Sequences in human and murine genomes.	Luciano Milanesi
RTAnalyzer: a web application for finding new retrotransposons and detecting L1 retrotransposition signatures.	Jean-François Lucier
RTDT: A static QoS manager, RT scheduling, HW/SW partitioning CAD tool.	Jean Luc Philippe
Radar Bistatic Configurations for Soil Moisture Retrieval: A Simulation Study.	Luca Pulvirenti
Radar Detection of Distributed Targets in Homogeneous Interference Whose Inverse Covariance Structure is Defined via Unitary Invariant Functions.	Luca Pallotta
Radar backscattering model for multilayer mixed-species forests.	Richard M. Lucas
Radiation and COTS at ground level.	Jean-Luc Autran
Radiation sensitivity of junctionless double-gate 6T SRAM cells investigated by 3-D numerical simulation.	Jean-Luc Autran
Radiation-induced single event transients modeling and testing on nanometric flash-based technologies.	Luca Sterpone
Radio Context Awareness and Applications.	Luca Reggiani
Radio frequency animal identification: electromagnetic analysis and experimental evaluation of the transponder-gate system.	Lucio Vegni
Radio link quality estimation in wireless sensor networks: A survey.	Luca Mottola
Radio-over-Fibre access for sustainable Digital Cities.	Frédéric Lucarz
Radio-over-fibre for green wireless access networks.	Frédéric Lucarz
Radiofrequency ablation of liver tumors: quantitative assessment of tumor coverage through CT image processing.	Luca T. Mainardi
Rain field generators implemented in a european broadcasting satellite system using an on-board reconfigurable antenna.	Marco Luccini
Rainfall-runoff modelling by using SM2RAIN-derived and state-of-the-art satellite rainfall products over Italy.	Luca Brocca
Rainfall-runoff modelling by using SM2RAIN-derived and state-of-the-art satellite rainfall products over Italy.	Luca Ciabatta
Raisonnement à base de cas textuels Etat de l'art et perspectives.	Luc Lamontagne
Ramsey Numbers for Trees of Small Maximum Degree.	Tomasz Luczak
Ramsey Properties of Families of Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Ramsey properties of random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Ramsey-type results for oriented trees.	Tomasz Luczak
Random Access in Uplink Massive MIMO Systems: How to exploit asynchronicity and excess antennas.	Luca Sanguinetti
Random Airy type differential equations: Mean square exact and numerical solutions.	Lucas Jódar
Random Binary Mappings for Kernel Learning and Efficient SVM.	Luc J. Van Gool
Random Bit Flipping and EXIT Charts for Nonuniform Binary Sources and Joint Source-Channel Turbo Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Random Forests for Real Time 3D Face Analysis.	Luc J. Van Gool
Random Generation and Enumeration of Accessible Determinisitic Real-time Pushdown Automata.	Jean-Luc Joly
Random Hermite differential equations: Mean square power series solutions and statistical properties.	Lucas Jódar
Random Hyperbolic Graphs: Degree Sequence and Clustering	Luca Gugelmann
Random Hyperplane Search Trees.	Luc Devroye
Random Linear Network Coding For Time Division Duplexing: Energy Analysis	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Random Linear Network Coding For Time Division Duplexing: When To Stop Talking And Start Listening	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Random Linear Network Coding for Time-Division Duplexing: Queueing Analysis	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Random Variate Generation for Multivariate Unimodal Densities.	Luc Devroye
Random access in a list environment.	Fabrizio Luccio
Random analytic solution of coupled differential models with uncertain initial condition and source term.	Lucas Jódar
Random differential operational calculus: Theory and applications.	Lucas Jódar
Random hyperplane search trees in high dimensions	Luc Devroye
Random hyperplane search trees in high dimensions.	Luc Devroye
Random linear-quadratic mathematical models: Computing explicit solutions and applications.	Lucas Jódar
Random matrix difference models arising in long-term medical drug strategies.	Lucas Jódar
Random mixed hyperbolic models: Numerical analysis and computing.	Lucas Jódar
Random perturbations of dynamical systems with reflecting boundary and corresponding PDE with a small parameter.	Lucas Tcheuko
Random perturbations of dynamical systems with reflecting boundary and corresponding PDE with a small parameter.	Lucas Tcheuko
Random sampling of lattice paths with constraints, via transportation	Lucas Gerin
Random sampling of the Green's Functions for reversible reactions with an intermediate state.	Luc Devroye
Random suffix search trees.	Luc Devroye
Random texture simulation by multi-species lattice-gas models.	Luc Decker
Random trees and random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Random variate generation for exponentially and polynomially tilted stable distributions.	Luc Devroye
Random variate generation for the generalized inverse Gaussian distribution.	Luc Devroye
Random variate generation for unimodal and monotone densities.	Luc Devroye
Random-Walk Perturbations for Online Combinatorial Optimization.	Luc Devroye
Randomization beats Second Price as a Prior-Independent Auction.	Brendan Lucier
Randomized Binary Consensus with Faulty Agents.	Lucio Marcenaro
Randomized Competitive Algorithms for Successful and Unsuccessful Search.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Randomized Packet Filtering through Specialized Partitioning of Rulesets.	Luca Abeni
Randomized parcellation based inference.	Jean-Luc Martinot
Randomness in a mathematical model for the transmission of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV).	Lucas Jódar
Randomness of finite-state sequence machine over GF(4) and quality of hopping turbo codes.	Luciana de Micco
Range determination for mobile robots using an omnidirectional camera.	Luc J. Van Gool
Range image segmentation into planar and quadric surfaces using an improved robust estimator and genetic algorithm.	Luciano Silva
Range-Only SLAM With Occupancy Maps: A Set-Membership Approach.	Luc Jaulin
Range-only SLAM with indistinguishable landmarks; a constraint programming approach.	Luc Jaulin
Rank inequalities and separation algorithms for packing designs and sparse triple systems.	Lucia Moura
Rankers over Infinite Words	Luc Dartois
Ranking and clustering countries and their products; a network analysis	Luciano Pietronero
Ranking neurons for mining structure-activity relations in biological neural networks: NeuronRank.	Luc De Raedt
Rao-Blackwellized Particle Filters multi robot SLAM with unknown initial correspondences and limited communication.	Luca Carlone
Rapid Feature-driven Changes in the Attentional Window.	Steven J. Luck
Rapid Updating and Improvement of Airborne LIDAR DEMs Through Ground-Based SfM 3-D Modeling of Volcanic Features.	Luca Nannipieri
Rapid and powerful detection of subtle allelic imbalance from exome sequencing data with hapLOHseq.	F. Anthony San Lucas
Rapid best-first retrieval from massive dictionaries.	Simon M. Lucas
Rapid development and delivery of converged services using APIs.	John-Luc Bakker
Rapid performance re-engineering of distributed embedded systems via latency analysis and k-level diagonal search.	Lucia Lo Bello
Rapid prototyping and fast user trial of multimedia broadcast and cellular services.	Alan Lucas
Rapid prototyping of an adaptive noise canceler using GRAPE.	Luc De Coster
Rapid search algorithms for code acquisition in UWB impulse radio communications.	Luca Reggiani
Rapid-Prototyping of Embedded Systems via Reprogrammable Devices.	Luciano Lavagno
Rate Regions for the Partially-Cooperative Relay Broadcast Channel with Non-causal Side Information	Luc Vandendorpe
Rate-Optimized Power Allocation for DF-Relayed OFDM Transmission under Sum and Individual Power Constraints.	Luc Vandendorpe
Rate-energy-accuracy optimization of convolutional architectures for face recognition.	Luca Bondi
Rate-energy-accuracy optimization of convolutional architectures for face recognition.	Luca Baroffio
Rate-hardness: a new performance metric for haptic interfaces.	Lucy Y. Pao
Rates of CTL Killing in Persistent Viral Infection In Vivo.	Luc Willems
Rational Closure in SHIQ.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Rational approximation in the complex plane using a τ-method and computer algebra.	Luc Rebillard
Rational surfaces with linear normals and their convolutions with rational surfaces.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Rationale and blueprint for a cyber Red Team Within NATO: An essential component of the alliance's cyber forces.	Luc Dandurand
ReSP: A Nonintrusive Transaction-Level Reflective MPSoC Simulation Platform for Design Space Exploration.	Luca Fossati
Reach Out and Touch Someone: Anticipatory Sensorimotor Processes of Active Interpersonal Touch.	Gian Luca Romani
Reachability and connectivity queries in constraint databases.	Luc Segoufin
Reachability and control synthesis for piecewise-affine hybrid systems on simplices.	Luc C. G. J. M. Habets
Reaching Consensus via non-Bayesian Asynchronous Learning in Social Networks.	Brendan Lucier
Reaction Wheels Desaturation Using Magnetorquers and Static Input Allocation.	Luca Zaccarian
Reaction systems and extremal combinatorics properties.	Luca Manzoni
Reactive Power Control Design in Doubly Fed Induction Generators for Wind Turbines.	João Lucas da Silva
Reactive Searching and Infotaxis in Odor Source Localization.	Philippe Lucas
Reactive navigation through multiscroll systems: from theory to real-time implementation.	Luca Patané
Readability of Wikipedia.	Teun Lucassen
Reader development and ICT: an overview of projects in Welsh public libraries.	Lucy A. Tedd
Reading the Source Code of Social Ties.	Luca Maria Aiello
Reading tilted: Does the use of tablets impact performance? An oculometric study.	Jean-Luc Perrin
Real interest rates, leverage, and bank risk-taking.	Luc Laeven
Real time estimation of generation, extinction and flow of muscle fibre action potentials in high density surface EMG.	Luca Mesin
Real time identification of active regions in muscles from high density surface electromyogram.	Luca Mesin
Real-Time Body Pose Recognition Using 2D or 3D Haarlets.	Luc J. Van Gool
Real-Time Detection of Cavitation for Hydraulic Turbomachines.	Maurizio De Lucia
Real-Time Imaging and Vision? The Web Knows about it.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Real-Time Monitoring of Points of Common Coupling in Distribution Systems Through State Estimation and Geometric Tests.	Jean Luca Colombo
Real-Time Range Acquisition by Adaptive Structured Light.	Luc J. Van Gool
Real-Time Solution of the Inverse Kinematic-Rate Problem.	Stuart R. Lucas
Real-Time Uncertainty Estimation of Autonomous Guided Vehicle Trajectory Taking Into Account Correlated and Uncorrelated Effects.	Luca Baglivo
Real-Time Vehicle Trajectory Supervision on the Highway.	Jean-Luc Brame
Real-Time and Accurate Stereo: A Scalable Approach With Bitwise Fast Voting on CUDA.	Luc J. Van Gool
Real-Time and Robust Compressive Background Subtraction for Embedded Camera Networks.	Simon Lucey
Real-time Ethernet networks for motion control.	Lucia Seno
Real-time Ethernet networks for motion control.	Luca Peretti
Real-time Halfway Domain Reconstruction of Motion and Geometry.	Lucas Thies
Real-time Tracking of Sound Parameters in a Multimedia System.	Gianfranco Lucia
Real-time applications in a CRMA network: a performance analysis.	Luciano Lenzini
Real-time detection of multiple moving objects in complex image sequences.	Gian Luca Foresti
Real-time embedded emotional controller.	Caro Lucas
Real-time identification of disaster areas by an open-access vision-based tool.	Lucia Faravelli
Real-time image processing for active monitoring of wide areas.	Gian Luca Foresti
Real-time multi-scale brain data acquisition, assembly, and analysis using an end-to-end OptIPuter.	Luc Renambot
Real-time networked control of an industrial robot manipulator via discrete-time second-order sliding modes.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
Real-time pedestrian counting by active linear cameras.	Luc Duvieubourg
Real-time people localization and tracking through fixed stereo vision.	Luca Iocchi
Real-time pixel luminance optimization for dynamic multi-projection mapping.	Lucas Thies
Real-time robust background subtraction under rapidly changing illumination conditions.	Luc P. J. Vosters
Real-time scheduling for energy harvesting sensor nodes.	Luca Benini
Real-time soft-error rate measurements: A review.	Jean-Luc Autran
Real-time speckle image processing.	Ana Lucía Dai Pra
Real-time speckle image processing.	Lucía Isabel Passoni
Real-time stream mining: online knowledge extraction using classifier networks.	Luca Canzian
Real-time supply chain control via multi-agent adjustable autonomy.	Lucas Agussurja
Real-time thresholding with Euler numbers.	Gian Luca Foresti
Realisierung einer Social-Media-Lernumgebung.	Lucas Calmbach
Realistic face animation for speech.	Luc J. Van Gool
Realistic neuromorphic models and their application to neural reorganization simulations.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Realistic semiconductor heterostructures design using inverse scattering.	Luca Perotti
Realistic surface reconstruction of 3D scenes from uncalibrated image sequences.	Luc J. Van Gool
Realization of Critical Eigenvalues for Scalar and Symmetric Linear Delay-Differential Equations.	Pietro-Luciano Buono
Realizing the full potential of electronic health records: the role of natural language processing.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Rearranging trees for robust consensus	Luca Scardovi
Reasoning about Recursive Probabilistic Programs.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Reasoning about actions with sensing under qualitative and probabilistic uncertainty.	Luca Iocchi
Reasoning about function and its applications to engineering.	Luca Chittaro
Reasoning with Intensional Negative Adjectivals: Semantics, Pragmatics, and Context.	Lucja Iwanska
Rebalancing Height Balanced Trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
Recall of memory sequences by interaction of the dentate and CA3: A revised model of the phase precession.	Lucia M. Talamini
Recap of the 2016 DATE Conference & Exhibition.	Luca Fanucci
Receiver-Initiated Communication with ST-II.	Luca Delgrossi
Recent Advances Towards Proving P = BPP.	Luca Trevisan
Recent Applications and Numerical Implementation of Quasi-Newton Methods for Solving Nonlinear Systems of Equations.	Véra Lucia Rocha Lopes
Recent Trends in Interference Mitigation and Spoofing Detection.	Luciano Musumeci
Recent advances in diffusion MRI modeling: Angular and radial reconstruction.	Luc Brun
Recent developments in high performance computing and security: An editorial.	Luca Spalazzi
Receptive fields within the Combinatorial Pyramid framework.	Luc Brun
Recession cones and the domination property in vector optimization.	Dinh The Luc
Recognition of Noised Patterns Using Non-Disruptive Learning Set.	Marcin Luckner
Recognition of planar shapes under affine distortion.	Luc J. Van Gool
Recognizability of Rectangular Pictures by Wang Systems.	Lucio de Prophetis
Recognizing Physisorption and Chemisorption in Carbon Nanotubes Gas Sensors by Double Exponential Fitting of the Response.	Luca Sbuelz
Recognizing and learning models of social exchange strategies for the regulation of social interactions in open agent societies.	Luciano V. Gonçalves
Recognizing emotions expressed by body pose: A biologically inspired neural model.	Luc J. Van Gool
Recognizing near-bipartite Pfaffian graphs in polynomial time.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Recognizing some complementary products.	Lucia Draque Penso
Recommendations for Intelligent Code Reorganization.	Lucas Layman
Recommending items in pervasive scenarios: models and experimental analysis.	Luca Becchetti
Reconciling long-term cultural diversity and short-term collective social behavior	Luca Valori
Reconfigurable Antenna for Future Wireless Communication Systems.	Luca Simone Ronga
Reconfigurable Component-based Middleware for Networked Embedded Systems.	Luca Mottola
Reconfigurable LUT: Boon or Bane for Secure Applications.	Jean-Luc Danger
Reconfigurable natural interaction in smart environments: approach and prototype implementation.	Luca Benini
Reconfiguration of redundant robots under kinematic inversion.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Reconstructing 3D trajectories of independently moving objects using generic constraints.	Luc Van Eycken
Reconstructing 3D trajectories of independently moving objects using generic constraints.	Luc J. Van Gool
Reconstructing User's Attention on the Web through Mouse Movements and Perception-Based Content Identification.	Lucio Davide Spano
Reconstructing networks of pathways via significance analysis of their intersections.	Luciano Milanesi
Reconstructing social interactions using an unreliable wireless sensor network.	J. C. Lucet
Reconstruction and Visualization of Coordinated 3D Cell Migration Based on Optical Flow.	Lucas Schutz
Reconstruction of 3D Structures From Protein Contact Maps.	Luciano Margara
Reconstruction of Fourier Sparse Signals over Elementary Abelian Groups.	Lucia Morotti
Reconstruction of Riser Profiles by an Underwater Robot Using Inertial Navigation.	Luciano Luporini Menegaldo
Reconstruction of quasi developable surfaces from ribbon curves.	Luc Biard
Recording Process Documentation for Provenance.	Luc Moreau
Recovering Spatiotemporal Correspondence between Deformable Objects by Exploiting Consistent Foreground Motion in Video.	Luca Del Pero
Recovering Traceability Links between Code and Documentation.	Andrea De Lucia
Recovering nonlinearly distributed knowledge: Computing discourse structure in factual reports.	Lucja Iwanska
Recovering test-to-code traceability using slicing and textual analysis.	Andrea De Lucia
Recovering traceability links in software artifact management systems using information retrieval methods.	Andrea De Lucia
Recovery Time and Fault Tolerance Improvement for Circuits mapped on SRAM-based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
Recurrence plot of heart rate variability signal in patients with vasovagal syncopes.	Lucie Riedlbauchová
Recursive Algorithms for Distributed Forests of Octrees.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Recursive Algorithms for Distributed Forests of Octrees.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Recursive Gabor filtering.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Recursive Gath-Geva clustering as a basis for evolving neuro-fuzzy modeling.	Caro Lucas
Recursive implementation of the Gaussian filter.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Recursive neighbourhood operations on the linear processor array SYMPATI-2.	Jean-Luc Basille
Recursive operability analysis of a complex plant with multiple protection devices.	Luca Marmo
Recycling Queries in PCPs and in Linearity Tests	Luca Trevisan
Recycling of Waste Epoxy-Polyester Powders for Foam Production.	Carmine Lucignano
Recycling workflows and services through discovery and reuse.	Luc Moreau
RedThreads: An Interface for Application-level Fault Detection/Correction through Adaptive Redundant Multithreading.	Robert F. Lucas
Redprint: Integrating API specific "instant example" and "instant documentation" display interface in IDEs.	Dave Luciano
Reduced Basis Method and A Posteriori Error Estimation for Parametrized Linear-Quadratic Optimal Control Problems.	Luca Dedè
Reduced Basis Method and Error Estimation for Parametrized Optimal Control Problems with Control Constraints.	Luca Dedè
Reduced Conductivity Dependence Method for Increase of Dipole Localization Accuracy in the EEG Inverse Problem.	Luc Dupré
Reduced Memory Region Based Deep Convolutional Neural Network Detection.	Luca Baroffio
Reduced Memory Region Based Deep Convolutional Neural Network Detection.	Luca Bondi
Reduced graphs for min-cut/max-flow approaches in image segmentation.	Lucas Létocart
Reduced order linear anti-windup augmentation for stable linear systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Reduced-order modeling via oblique projections on a bandlimited Kautz basis.	Luc Knockaert
Reducing Complexity of Interaction with Advanced Bathroom Lighting at Home (Reduktion der Interaktionskomplexität bei hochentwickelten Badezimmerbeleuchtungssystemen für die Heimanwendung).	Andrés Lucero
Reducing Conflict Misses by Application-Specific Reconfigurable Indexing.	Luca Benini
Reducing Fragmentation in Incremental Author Name Disambiguation.	Luciano Vilas Boas Esperidião
Reducing NFAs by invariant equivalences.	Lucian Ilie
Reducing Phase Noise in Multi-Phase Oscillators.	Luca Daniel
Reducing Power Consumption with QoS Constraints in IEEE 802.16e Wireless Networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Reducing Power in All Major CAM and SRAM-Based Processor Units via Centralized, Dynamic Resource Size Management.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Reducing bias in RNA sequencing data: a novel approach to compute counts.	Luca Bianco
Reducing power consumption in backbone IP networks through table lookup bypass.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Reducing the Abstraction and Optimality Gaps in the Allocation and Scheduling for Variable Voltage/Frequency MPSoC Platforms.	Luca Benini
Reducing the Impact of Legacy Stations on Voice Traffic in 802.11e EDCA WLANs.	Luca Vollero
Reducing the diameter of a unit disk graph via node addition.	Luciano Gualà
Reducing the number of local linear models in neuro-fuzzy modeling: A split-and-merge clustering approach.	Caro Lucas
Reduction Rules for the Covering Tour Problem.	Luciene C. S. Motta
Reduction of Event Structures under History Preserving Bisimulation.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Reduction of Switching Losses in Active Power Filters With a New Generalized Discontinuous-PWM Strategy.	Lucian Asiminoaei
Reduction of the Number of Columns in Flow Table Minimization.	Fabrizio Luccio
Reduction strategies in rewriting and programming.	Salvador Lucas
Redundancy of Arguments Reduced to Induction.	Salvador Lucas
Reed's Conjecture on hole expansions	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Reed's conjecture on some special classes of graphs	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Reengineering in upgrading of public administration: modelling and design.	Lucjan Grochowski
Reevaluating the overhead of data preparation for asymmetric multicore system on graphics processing.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Refined upper bounds for right-arm rotation distances.	Fabrizio Luccio
Refinement of the HEPAR expert system: tools and techniques.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Refining an ASM Specification of the Production Cell to C++ Code.	Luca Mearelli
Reflections on a Work-Oriented Design Project.	Lucy A. Suchman
Reflectometric measurements of polarization properties in optical-fiber links.	Luca Palmieri
Refounding of the activity concept? Towards a federative paradigm for modeling and simulation.	Luc Touraille
Regime-switching Pareto distributions for ACD models.	Giovanni De Luca
Regional and Global Science: Latin American and Caribbean publications in the SciELO Citation Index and the Web of Science.	Diana Lucio-Arias
Registration of Brain Atlas to MR Images Using Topology Preserving Front Propagation.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Regression Models for Behavioral Power Estimation.	Luca Benini
Regression applied to protein binding site prediction and comparison with classification.	Jean-Luc Gala
Regression based automatic face annotation for deformable model building.	Simon Lucey
Regression-Based Image Alignment for General Object Categories.	Simon Lucey
Regression-based RTL power modeling.	Luca Benini
Regular Polysemy in WordNet.	Lucie Barque
Regular Strategies as Proof Tactics for CIRC.	Dorel Lucanu
Regular tree languages definable in FO and in FOmod.	Luc Segoufin
Regularity of the steering control for systems with persistent memory.	Luciano Pandolfi
Regularity of the steering control for systems with persistent memory.	Luciano Pandolfi
Regularity, Boosting, and Efficiently Simulating Every High-Entropy Distribution.	Luca Trevisan
Regularization of Graphlike Sets in Gray-Tone Digital Images.	Luca Serino
Regularization of optic flow estimates by means of weighted vector median filtering.	Luciano Alparone
Regularization, Scale-Space, and Edge Detection Filters.	Luc Florack
Regularized Optimal Transport and the Rot Mover's Distance.	Jean-Luc Rouas
Regularized fuzzy c-means method for brain tissue clustering.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Regulation of flexible arms under gravity.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Regulatory aspects of cloud computing.	Drazen Lucic
RegulonDB v8.0: omics data sets, evolutionary conservation, regulatory phrases, cross-validated gold standards and more.	Lucia Pannier
RegulonDB version 9.0: high-level integration of gene regulation, coexpression, motif clustering and beyond.	Lucia Pannier
Reinterpreting the Application of Gabor Filters as a Manipulation of the Margin in Linear Support Vector Machines.	Simon Lucey
Rejoinder.	Luc Devroye
Related-Key Rectangle Attack of the Full 80-Round HAS-160 Encryption Mode.	Stefan Lucks
Relating Strand Spaces and Distributed Temporal Logic for Security Protocol Analysis.	Luca Viganò 0001
Relating articulation and acoustics through a sinusoidal description of vocal tract shape.	James DeLucia
Relating distributed, temporal and causal observations of simple processes.	Luca Aceto
Relating semantic models for the object calculus.	Luca Aceto
Relational Reinforcement Learning.	Luc De Raedt
Relational Transformation-based Tagging for Activity Recognition.	Luc De Raedt
Relational symbolic execution of SQL code for unit testing of database programs.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Relational type-checking for MELL proof-structures. Part 1: Multiplicatives.	Luc Pellissier
Relationship between excitability, plasticity and thickness of the motor cortex in older adults.	Lucia Kerti
Relationship between spatial ability, visuospatial working memory and self-assessed spatial orientation ability: a study in older adults.	Lucia Ronconi
Relative 3D positioning and 3D convex hull computation from a weakly calibrated stereo pair.	Luc Robert
Relative clustering validity criteria: A comparative overview.	Lucas Vendramin
Relativistic all-electron Dirac-Fock-Breit calculations on xenon fluorides (XeFn, n = 1, 2, 4, 6).	Lucas Visscher
Relaxation of Spherical Systems with Long-Range Interactions: a numerical Investigation.	Luca Ciotti
Relaxations of associativity and preassociativity for variadic functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Relaxations of associativity and preassociativity for variadic functions.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Relaxed Fault-Tolerant Hardware Implementation of Neural Networks in the Presence of Multiple Transient Errors.	Caro Lucas
Relaxed Persistent Flow/Jump Conditions for Uniform Global Asymptotic Stability.	Luca Zaccarian
Relaxed fault detection and isolation: An application to a nonlinear case study.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Relaxed models for rewriting logic.	Dorel Lucanu
Release of a 10-m-resolution DEM for the Italian territory: Comparison with global-coverage DEMs and anaglyph-mode exploration via the web.	Luca Nannipieri
Reliability Evaluation of Large Telecommunication Networks.	Jean-Luc Lutton
Reliability and validity of self-reported burnout in college students: A cross randomized comparison of paper-and-pencil vs. online administration.	Miriane Lucindo Zucoloto
Reliability and validity of the ultrasound technique to measure the rectus femoris muscle diameter in older CAD-patients.	Luc Vanhees
Reliability as an added-value factor in an automotive clutch system.	Kátia Lucchesi Cavalca
Reliability of optoelectronics components: towards new qualification practices.	Jean-Luc Goudard
Reliability of self-report: paper versus online administration.	Kristine H. Luce
Reliability studies of a high-power proton accelerator for accelerator-driven system applications for nuclear waste transmutation.	Luciano Burgazzi
Reliable Minimax Parameter Estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Reliable Transport in Delay-Tolerant Networks With Opportunistic Routing.	Lucile Sassatelli
Reliable and Accurate Calcium Volume Measurement in Coronary Artery Using Intravascular Ultrasound Videos.	Luca Saba
Remark on "Algorithm 475: Visible Surface Plotting Program [J6]".	Lucian D. Duta
Remarks on the Mass Constraint for KP-Type Equations.	Luc Molinet
Remarques sur les Langages de Parenthèses.	Luc Boasson
Remembering forward: Neural correlates of memory and prediction in human motor adaptation.	Lucia S. Simo
Remote Didactic Laboratory "G. Savastano, " The Italian Experience for E-Learning at the Technical Universities in the Field of Electrical and Electronic Measurement: Architecture and Optimization of the Communication Performance Based on Thin Client Technology.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Remote Didactic Laboratory "G. Savastano, " The Italian Experience for E-Learning at the Technical Universities in the Field of Electrical and Electronic Measurements: Overview on Didactic Experiments.	Anna Maria Lucia Lanzolla
Remote Laboratory Experiments in a Virtual Immersive Learning Environment.	Luca Berruti
Remote sensing image fusion using the curvelet transform.	Luciano Alparone
Remotely sensed spectral heterogeneity as a proxy of species diversity: Recent advances and open challenges.	Kelly Lucas
Removing Redundant Arguments Automatically	Salvador Lucas
Removing redundant arguments automatically.	Salvador Lucas
Reoptimization in Lagrangian methods for the 0-1 quadratic knapsack problem.	Lucas Létocart
Reoptimizing the 0-1 knapsack problem.	Luca Bertazzi
Reoptimizing the traveling salesman problem.	Luca Bertazzi
Reorganization of Retinotopic Maps after Occipital Lobe Infarction.	Lucia M. Vaina
Repeated Snapshots in Distributed Systems with Synchronous Communications and their Implementation in CSP.	Luc Bougé
Repeated spatial extrapolation: An extraordinarily efficient approach for option pricing.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
Repetitions in strings: Algorithms and combinatorics.	Lucian Ilie
Repetitions, Fullness, And Uniformity In Two-Dimensional Words.	Aldo de Luca
Repetitive Control of Positive Real Systems via Delayed Feedback Is Lyapunov Asymptotically Stable.	Pasquale Lucibello
Replica Management in the European DataGrid Project.	Levi Lucio
Reply to "Comments on 'A Simple and Accurate Algorithm for Barycentric Rational Interpolation'".	Luc Knockaert
Reply to "Comments on 'Performance Analysis of a Hybrid Incremental and Cyclic A/D Conversion Principle'".	Luca Rossi 0002
Reply to "Comments on Induction of an Electric Field in Human Bodies Moving Near MRI: An Efficient BEM Computational Procedure".	Luca L. Zilberti
Reply to "Comments on Techniques and Architectures for Hazard-Free Semi-Parallel Decoding of LDPC Codes".	Luca Fanucci
Reply to the Comment on "Uncertainties in the Temperature Dependence of the Line-Coupling Parameters of the Microwave Oxygen Band: Impact Study".	Jean-Luc Moncet
Report from the Eighth Agent-Oriented Software Engineering Workshop, AAMAS 2007.	Michael Luck
Report of the Third QBF Solvers Evaluation.	Luca Pulina
Report on COMPLEXITY 1998.	Luc Longpré
Report on Complexity 1997.	Luc Longpré
Report on ICALP 2013.	Luca Aceto
Report on ICALP 2014.	Luca Aceto
Report on ICALP 2015.	Luca Aceto
Report on ICE-TCS tenth anniversary.	Luca Aceto
Report on ICTCS 2015.	Luca Aceto
Report on NWPT 2015.	Luca Aceto
Report on The EATCS Council Meeting.	Luca Aceto
Report on The EATCS General Assembly.	Luca Aceto
Report on Two events at ICE-TCS, Reykjavik University.	Luca Aceto
Report on the 4th Workshop on Context-awareness in Retrieval and Recommendation (CaRR 2014).	Ernesto William De Luca
Report on the General Assembly 2013.	Luca Aceto
Report on the International Provenance and Annotation Workshop: (IPAW'06) 3-5 May 2006, Chicago.	Luc Moreau
Report on the Twenty-Second International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning.	Luc Lamontagne
Report on the workshop on wrapper techniques for legacy data systems.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Repositioning control of a two-link flexible arm by learning.	Pasquale Lucibello
Representation in stochastic search for phylogenetic tree reconstruction.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Representation of MV-algebras by regular ultrapowers of [0, 1].	Luca Spada
Representation of the SiGe HBT's thermal impedance by linear and recursive networks.	Jean Luc Battaglia
Representations and Characterizations of Polynomial Functions on Chains.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Representations of Work - Preface to the Special Section.	Lucy A. Suchman
Representing and Processing Production Systems in Connectionist Architectures.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Representing and querying XML with incomplete information.	Luc Segoufin
Representing distributed systems using the Open Provenance Model.	Luc Moreau
Reproducibility Probability Estimation and RP-Testing for Some Nonparametric Tests.	Lucio De Capitani
Reproducible Evaluation of Pan-Tilt-Zoom Tracking.	Pierre-Luc St-Charles
Reproduction of exponential polynomials by multivariate non-stationary subdivision schemes with a general dilation matrix.	Lucia Romani
Représentation des expressions calendaires dans les textes : vers une application à la lecture assistée de biographies.	Jean-Luc Minel
Reputation management algorithms for DHT-based peer-to-peer environment.	Luca Veltri
Reputation systems for open collaboration.	Luca de Alfaro
Reputation-based governance.	Lucio Picci
Requirements analysis for large scale systems.	Luca Vetti Tagliati
Requirements and languages for the semantic representation of manufacturing systems.	Luca Fumagalli
Requirements and ontology for a G protein-coupled receptor oligomerization knowledge base.	Lucy Skrabanek
Requirements for software-support in concurrent engineering teams.	Holger Luczak
Rescue robot module with sliding membrane locomotion.	Luca Rimassa
Research Commentaries on Cangelosi's "Solutions and Open Challenges for the Symbol Grounding Problem".	Luc Steels
Research Commentary - Too Big to Fail: Large Samples and the p-Value Problem.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Research Note - Attention Arousal Through Price Partitioning.	Luc Wathieu
Research Paper: Identifying Adverse Drug Events: Development of a Computer-based Monitor and Comparison with Chart Review and Stimulated Voluntary Report.	Lucian Leape
Research Paper: Identifying Diagnostic Studies in MEDLINE: Reducing the Number Needed to Read.	Lucas M. Bachmann
Research Paper: Monitoring Device Safety in Interventional Cardiology.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Research Paper: The GuideLine Interchange Format: A Model for Representing Guidelines.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Research Paper: The Impact of Computerized Physician Order Entry on Medication Error Prevention.	Lucian Leape
Research in database engineering at the University of Namur.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Research on Odor Interaction between Aldehyde Compounds via a Partial Differential Equation (PDE) Model.	Luchun Yan
Research on machine learning issues in biomedical informatics modeling.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Reset passivation of nonlinear controllers via a suitable time-regular reset map.	Luca Zaccarian
Resolution of nonlinear interval problems using symbolic interval arithmetic.	Luc Jaulin
Resolution, optimization, and encoding of pointer variables for thebehavioral synthesis from C.	Luc Séméria
Resolving the Fairness Issues in Bus-Based Optical Access Networks.	André-Luc Beylot
Resource Allocation for Power Minimization in the Downlink of THP-Based Spatial Multiplexing MIMO-OFDMA Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
Resource Allocation for Power Minimization in the Downlink of THP-based Spatial Multiplexing MIMO-OFDMA Systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
Resource Allocation for Real Time Services in LTE Networks: Resource Allocation Using Cooperative Game Theory and Virtual Token Mechanism.	André-Luc Beylot
Resource Allocation in Cognitive Radio Networks: A Comparison Between Game Theory Based and Heuristic Approaches.	Luca Simone Ronga
Resource Allocation via Max-Min Goodput Optimization for BIC-OFDMA Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Resource Management in Dataflow-Based Multithreaded Execution.	Lucas Roh
Resource Reservation in Dynamic Real-Time Systems.	Luca Abeni
Resource Reservations for General Purpose Applications.	Luca Abeni
Resource Usage Analysis for the Pi-Calculus	Lucian Wischik
Resource Usage Analysis for the p-Calculus.	Lucian Wischik
Resource adaptive WWW access for mobile applications.	Luc Neumann
Resource allocation for goodput optimization in parallel subchannels with error correction and selective repeat ARQ.	Luc Vandendorpe
Resource allocation in communication networks using market-based agents.	Luc Moreau
Resource aware programming.	Luc Moreau
Resource bisimilarity and graded bisimilarity coincide.	Luca Aceto
Resources and Services of the EGEE Production Infrastructure.	Luciano Gaido
Response to Jiau et al.'s Comments.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Response to Vera and Simon's Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation.	Lucy A. Suchman
Responsiveness in process calculi.	Lucia Acciai
Resting state FDG-PET functional connectivity as an early biomarker of Alzheimer's disease using conjoint univariate and independent component analyses.	Lucette Lacomblez
Resting-State Temporal Synchronization Networks Emerge from Connectivity Topology and Heterogeneity.	Gian Luca Romani
Resting-state Modulation of Alpha Rhythms by Interference with Angular Gyrus Activity.	Gian Luca Romani
Restoration of blue scratches in digital image sequences.	Lucia Maddalena
Restpark: Minimal RESTful API for Retrieving RDF Triples.	Luca Matteis
Restrained domination in unicyclic graphs.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Restricted Identification Secure in the Extended Canetti-Krawczyk Model.	Lucjan Hanzlik
Restricted Neighborhood Communication Improves Decentralized Demand-Side Load Management.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Restrictions imposed by the fuzzy extension of relations and functions.	Caro Lucas
Restrictive Disjoint-Link-Based Bioinspired Routing Protocol for Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Restrictiveness Relative to Notions of Interpretation.	Luca Incurvati
Rethinking low extra delay background transport protocols	Luca Muscariello
Rethinking the Low Extra Delay Background Transport (LEDBAT) Protocol.	Luca Muscariello
Retrieval of Crystallographically-Derived Molecular Geometry Information.	Lucy H. Purkis
Retrieval of atmospheric and surface parameters from satellite microwave radiometers over the Mediterranean Sea.	Luca Pulvirenti
Retrieval of video scenes by structural descriptors.	Luca Buriano
Retrieving documents by plausible inference: An experimental study.	T. J. Lucia
Reusability of model components for environmental simulation - Case studies for integrated coastal zone management.	Jean-Luc de Kok
Reusing knowledge in embedded systems modelling.	Yan Lucas
Revealing MPLS tunnels obscured from traceroute.	Matthew J. Luckie
Revealing the Binding Process of New 3-Alkylpyridine Marine Alkaloid Analogue Antimalarials and the Heme Group: An Experimental and Theoretical Investigation.	Luciana Guimaraes
Revelation on demand.	Luc Bouganim
Reverse back-off mechanism for safety vehicular ad hoc networks.	André-Luc Beylot
Reverse data exchange: Coping with nulls.	Lucian Popa
Reverse engineering Web applications: the WARE approach.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Reverse engineering of architectural buildings based on a hybrid modeling approach.	Livio De Luca
Reverse inference of memory retrieval processes underlying metacognitive monitoring of learning using multivariate pattern analysis.	Luciana Falbo
Reversibility in Massive Concurrent Systems	Luca Cardelli
Reversibility in Massive Concurrent Systems.	Luca Cardelli
Reversible Christoffel factorizations	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Reversible Christoffel factorizations	Luca Q. Zamboni
Reversible Christoffel factorizations.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Reversible Christoffel factorizations.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Reversible Image Data Hiding with Contrast Enhancement.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Reversible iterative graph processes.	Lucia Draque Penso
Review essay.	Luciano F. Farina
Review of "Learning Kernel Classifiers: Theory and Algorithms by Ralf Herbrich." MIT Press, Cambridge, Mass., 2002. ISBN 026208306X, 384 pages; and Review of "Learning with Kernels: Support Vector Machines, Regularization Optimization and Beyond by Bernhard Scholkopf and Alexander J. Smola." IT Press, Cambridge, Mass., 2002, ISBN 0262194759, 644 pages.	Luc T. Wille
Review of Security Issues in Industrial Networks.	Luca Durante
Review of the Fingerprint Liveness Detection (LivDet) competition series: 2009 to 2015.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Review of the Fingerprint Liveness Detection (LivDet) competition series: 2009 to 2015.	Luca Ghiani
Reviewing social media use by clinicians.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Revised N-Gram based Automatic Spelling Correction Tool to Improve Retrieval Effectiveness.	Ernesto William De Luca
Revising and polishing a structured abstract: Is it worth the time and effort?	Lucy Betts
Revising the Belgian Nursing Minimum Dataset: From concept to implementation.	Lucas Delesie
Revising the Robust-Control Design for Rigid Robot Manipulators.	Luca Bascetta
Revisiting Cross-document Structure Theory for multi-document discourse parsing.	Maria Lucía del Rosario Castro Jorge
Revisiting the effect of external fields in Axelrod's model of social dynamics	Lucas R. Peres
Revisiting the role of abductive inference in fusion domain.	Gian Luca Foresti
Rewriting Logic-Based Semantics of P Systems and the Maximal Concurrency.	Dorel Lucanu
Rewriting-Based Navigation of Web Sites: Looking for Models and Logics.	Salvador Lucas
Rhythm Generation through Period Concatenation in Rat Somatosensory Cortex.	Lucy M. Carracedo
Rhythmic unit extraction and modelling for automatic language identification.	Jean-Luc Rouas
RiboSubstrates: a web application addressing the cleavage specificities of ribozymes in designated genomes.	Lucien Junior Bergeron
RiboSubstrates: a web application addressing the cleavage specificities of ribozymes in designated genomes.	Jean-François Lucier
Ribosome Traffic on mRNAs Maps to Gene Ontology: Genome-wide Quantification of Translation Initiation Rates and Polysome Size Regulation.	Luca Ciandrini
Rich, Sturmian, and trapezoidal words	Luca Q. Zamboni
Rich, Sturmian, and trapezoidal words	Aldo de Luca
Rich, Sturmian, and trapezoidal words.	Aldo de Luca
Rich, Sturmian, and trapezoidal words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Right-Protected Data Publishing with Provable Distance-Based Mining.	Claudio Lucchese
Right-jumps and pattern avoiding permutations.	Jean-Luc Baril
Rights protection of trajectory datasets with nearest-neighbor preservation.	Claudio Lucchese
Rigorous uncertainty quantification without integral testing.	Leonard J. Lucas
Ring Perception in Organic Structures: a New Algorithm for Finding SSSR.	Luca Baumer
Risk Management with Benchmarking.	Lucie Teplá
Risk Mapping of Schistosomiasis in Minas Gerais, Brazil, Using MODIS and Socioeconomic Spatial Data.	Luciano Vieira Dutra
Risk-Constrained Reinforcement Learning with Percentile Risk Criteria.	Lucas Janson
Risk-informed optimisation of railway tracks inspection and maintenance procedures.	Luca Podofillini
RoboCare: Pervasive Intelligence for the Domestic Care of the Elderly.	Luca Iocchi
RoboComm Editorial.	Luca Schenato
RoboCup@Home: Analysis and results of evolving competitions for domestic and service robots.	Luca Iocchi
RoboNetSim: An integrated framework for multi-robot and network simulation.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Robot Navigation in Multi-terrain Outdoor Environments.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Robot programming languages: the statement of a problem.	Luc Van Aken
Robot-based tele-echography: clinical evaluation of the TER system in abdominal aortic exploration	Jean-Luc Bosson
Robot-based tele-echography: clinical evaluation of the TER system in abdominal aortic exploration	Luc Bressollette
Robotic Teaching Assistance for the "Tower of Hanoi" Problem.	Luca Iocchi
Robotic Technologies and Fundamental Rights: Robotics Challenging the European Constitutional Framework.	Luca Nocco
Robust Active Ranking from Sparse Noisy Comparisons.	Lucas Maystre
Robust Autonomous Robot Localization Using Interval Analysis.	Luc Jaulin
Robust BDDC Preconditioners for Reissner-Mindlin Plate Bending Problems and MITC Elements.	Luca F. Pavarino
Robust Design and Capability Evaluation of a Tribo-Aerodynamic Charging Process for Fine Particles.	Lucian Dascalescu
Robust Energy Management for Green and Survivable IP Networks.	Luca G. Gianoli
Robust Fusion of Irregularly Sampled Data Using Adaptive Normalized Convolution.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Robust H2 and H∞ memory filter design for linear uncertain discrete-time delay systems.	Luciano Frezzatto
Robust H∞ filter design with past output measurements for uncertain discrete-time systems.	Luciano Frezzatto
Robust Low Complexity Corner Detector.	Luc J. Van Gool
Robust Multiperson Tracking from a Mobile Platform.	Luc J. Van Gool
Robust Near-Threshold Design With Fine-Grained Performance Tunability.	Luca Benini
Robust On-line Matrix Completion on Graphs.	Lucas Claude
Robust Painting Recognition and Registration for Mobile Augmented Reality.	Gian Luca Foresti
Robust Performance-driven 3D Face Tracking in Long Range Depth Scenes.	Luc N. Dao
Robust RTL power macromodels.	Luca Benini
Robust Scheduling of Task Graphs under Execution Time Uncertainty.	Luca Benini
Robust Skeletonization through Exact Euclidean Distance Transform and its Application to Neuromorphometry.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Robust Sum MSE Optimization for Downlink Multiuser MIMO Systems With Arbitrary Power Constraint: Generalized Duality Approach.	Luc Vandendorpe
Robust Transceiver Optimization for Downlink Coordinated Base Station Systems: Distributed Algorithm.	Luc Vandendorpe
Robust Transceiver Optimization for Downlink Multiuser MIMO Systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Robust WHT-GFDM for the Next Generation of Wireless Networks.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Robust Waveform Design for MIMO Radars.	Luca Venturino
Robust active binocular vision through intrinsically motivated learning.	Luca Lonini
Robust adaptive high order sliding-mode optimum controller for sensorless interior permanent magnet synchronous motors.	Luc Loron
Robust and fair Multicast Congestion Control (M2C).	Vincent Lucas
Robust and objective decomposition and mapping of bifurcating vessels.	Luca Antiga
Robust aspects of solutions in deterministic multiple objective linear programming.	Dinh The Luc
Robust hand image processing for biometric application.	Lucas Molina
Robust imaging of hippocampal inner structure at 7T: in vivo acquisition protocol and methodological choices.	Lucie Hertz-Pannier
Robust minimum time control of flexible structures.	Lucy Y. Pao
Robust motion flow for mesh tracking of freely moving actors.	Laurent Lucas
Robust near-separable nonnegative matrix factorization using linear optimization.	Robert Luce
Robust nonlinear control associating robust feedback linearization and H∞ control.	Ana Lucia D. Franco
Robust nonlinear disturbance suppression of a magnetic levitation system.	Luca Gentili
Robust optimisation of green wireless LANs under rate uncertainty and user mobility.	Luca Tavanti
Robust recoverable perfect matchings.	Lucia Draque Penso
Robust rectification of aerial photographs in an open source environment.	Luca Delucchi
Robust semiparametric mixing for detecting differentially expressed genes in microarray experiments.	Luca Tardella
Robust set-membership state estimation; application to underwater robotics.	Luc Jaulin
Robust stability analysis of Smith predictor-based congestion control algorithms for computer networks.	Luca De Cicco
Robust stabilization via iterative state steering with an application to chained-form systems.	Pasquale Lucibello
Robust static anti-windup augmentation with probabilistic certificates.	Luca Zaccarian
Robust threshold estimation for images with unimodal histograms.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Robust tissue classification for reproducible wound assessment in telemedicine environments.	Yves Lucas
Robust tracking-by-detection using a detector confidence particle filter.	Luc J. Van Gool
Robust, multidimensional mesh-motion based on Monge-Kantorovich equidistribution.	Gian Luca Delzanno
Robustness Assessment of 1-D Electron Paramagnetic Resonance for Improved Magnetic Nanoparticle Reconstructions.	Luc Dupré
Robustness of Nonlinear Delay Equations with Respect to Input Perturbations: a Trajectory-Based Approach.	Luc Moreau
Robustness of Stochastic Discrete-Time Switched Linear Systems With Application to Control With Shared Resources.	Luca Greco 0004
Robustness of aggregation in networked dynamical systems.	Luca Scardovi
Robustness of complex feedback systems: application to oncological biochemical networks.	Lucio Crinò
Robustness of f- and g-generated Fuzzy (Co)Implications: The Yager's (Co)Implication Case Study.	Luciana Foss
Role of Broca's Area in Implicit Motor Skill Learning: Evidence from Continuous Theta-burst Magnetic Stimulation.	Luciano Fadiga
Role of movement in long-term basal ganglia changes: implications for abnormal motor responses.	Lucia Frau
Role of the Material Electrodes on Resistive Behaviour of Carbon Nanotube-Based Gas Sensors for H2S Detection.	M. Lucci
Role of white-matter pathways in coordinating alpha oscillations in resting visual cortex.	Henry Luckhoo
Role-based software agent interaction models: a survey.	Luca Ferrari
Rolex: Resilience-Oriented Language Extensions for Extreme-Scale Systems.	Robert F. Lucas
Rolling Horizon Coevolutionary Planning for Two-Player Video Games.	Simon M. Lucas
Rolling Stock Rostering Optimization Under Maintenance Constraints.	Giovanni Luca Giacco
Root-Neededness and Approximations of Neededness.	Salvador Lucas
Rooted planar maps modulo some patterns.	Jean-Luc Baril
Rotation-minimizing osculating frames.	Maria Lucia Sampoli
Roughness Encoding for Discrimination of Surfaces in Artificial Active-Touch.	Lucia Beccai
Rounding Error Analysis in Solving M-Matrix Linear Systems of Block Hessenberg Form.	Luca Gemignani
Rounding Procedures for the Discrete Version of the Capacitated Economic Order Quantity Problem.	Luca Bertazzi
Rounding error analysis of the classical Gram-Schmidt orthogonalization process.	Luc Giraud
Roundup 2.0: enabling comparative genomics for over 1800 genomes.	Todd F. DeLuca
Roundup: a multi-genome repository of orthologs and evolutionary distances.	Todd F. DeLuca
RouteMe - Routing in Ad-hoc-Netzen als pervasives Lernspiel.	Ulrike Lucke
RouteMe - Routing in Ad-hoc-Netzen als pervasives Lernspiel.	Ulrike Lucke
RouteMe: a multilevel pervasive game on mobile ad hoc routing.	Ulrike Lucke
Routing and Scheduling of Cross-Town Drayage Operations at J.B. Hunt Transport.	Lucas C. Neubert
Routing in Series Parallel Networks.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Routing in Times Square Mode.	Fabrizio Luccio
Routing metrics for store and forward satellite constellations.	André-Luc Beylot
Routing, districting and location for arc traversal problems.	Luc Muyldermans
Routing-Aware Design of Indoor Wireless Sensor Networks Using an Interactive Tool.	Luciano Lavagno
Rover demonstrator for moon exploration.	Luc Marechal
Row Subshifts and Topological Entropy of Cellular Automata.	Luciano Margara
Row-Based Power-Gating: A Novel Sleep Transistor Insertion Methodology for Leakage Power Optimization in Nanometer CMOS Circuits.	Luca Benini
Row-based FBB: A design-time optimization for post-silicon tunable circuits.	Luca Benini
Rule formats for determinism and idempotence.	Luca Aceto
Rule formats for distributivity.	Luca Aceto
Rule reduction by selection strategy in XCS with adaptive action map.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Run Control and Monitor System for the CMS Experiment	Luciano Orsini
Runge Kutta Type Methods for Isodynamical Matrix Flows: Applications to Balanced Realizations.	Luciano Lopez
Running repeatable and controlled virtual routing experiments.	Luca Abeni
Runtime Optimization of IEEE 802.11 Wireless LANs Performance.	Luciano Bononi
Runtime Optimization of System Utility with Variable Hardware.	Lucas Francisco Wanner
Runtime enforcement monitors: composition, synthesis, and enforcement abilities.	Jean-Luc Richier
RéGAL, un système pour la visualisation sélective de documents.	Jean-Luc Minel
Réalité augmentée en extérieur. état de l'art.	Luc Frauciel
Résumés de thèse sur l'ingénierie des protocoles.	Jean-Luc Raffy
Résumés de thèse.	Lucian Ghirvu
S-BITE: A Structure-Based Internet Topology gEnerator.	Luciano Lenzini
S-band transmit/receive antenna systems for automotive satellite applications.	Luca Salghetti Drioli
SAFE: A Sentiment Analysis Framework for E-Learning.	Luca Greco 0001
SAGE2: A collaboration portal for scalable resolution displays.	Luc Renambot
SAGE2: A new approach for data intensive collaboration using Scalable Resolution Shared Displays.	Luc Renambot
SAGE: String-overlap Assembly of GEnomes.	Lucian Ilie
SALVO: model-based systems applications in automotive industry.	Luca Console
SAPWIN-a symbolic simulator as a support in electrical engineering education.	Antonio Luchetta
SAR application of a signal coding technique for single-hit measurement of the target scattering matrix.	Luca Facheris
SAT Modulo Linear Arithmetic for Solving Polynomial Constraints.	Salvador Lucas
SAT-based model-checking for security protocols analysis.	Luca Compagna
SATMC: a SAT-based model checker for security protocols, business processes, and security APIs.	Luca Compagna
SBML Level 3 package: Hierarchical Model Composition, Version 1 Release 3.	Lucian Paul Smith
SBML and CellML translation in Antimony and JSim.	Lucian P. Smith
SEAL: a distributed short read mapping and duplicate removal tool.	Luca Pireddu
SEEDS: Superpixels Extracted Via Energy-Driven Sampling.	Luc J. Van Gool
SEEDS: Superpixels Extracted via Energy-Driven Sampling.	Luc J. Van Gool
SEL-UP: A CAD tool for the sensitivity analysis of radiation-induced Single Event Latch-Up.	Luca Sterpone
SER performance of linear multiuser detectors for DS-CDMA downlink with transmitter nonlinear distortions.	Luca Rugini
SEU sensitivity of Junctionless Single-Gate SOI MOSFETs-based 6T SRAM cells investigated by 3D TCAD simulation.	Jean-Luc Autran
SGBD embarqué dans une puce. Retour d'expérience.	Luc Bouganim
SHARE: system design and case studies for statistical health information release.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
SHRiMP2: Sensitive yet Practical Short Read Mapping.	Lucian Ilie
SHyFTA, a Stochastic Hybrid Fault Tree Automaton for the modelling and simulation of dynamic reliability problems.	Lucio Compagno
SIBGRAPI 25th: Advances in Pattern Recognition and Computer Vision.	Luciano Silva
SIFER: Scale-Invariant Feature Detector with Error Resilience.	Luc J. Van Gool
SIGNATURE: A workbench for gene expression signature analysis.	Joseph E. Lucas
SIGNOR: a database of causal relationships between biological entities.	Lucia Lisa Petrilli
SIMPAR: A Versatile Technology Independent Parameter Extraction Program Using a New Optimized Fit-Strategy.	Luc H. Dupas
SIMinG-1k: A thousand-core simulator running on general-purpose graphical processing units.	Luca Benini
SIP-based mobility management in next generation networks.	Luca Veltri
SIR-Network Model and Its Application to Dengue Fever.	Lucas M. Stolerman
SITEVIDEO: a computer system for functional site analysis and recognition. Investigation of the human splice sites.	Luciano Milanesi
SLA guarantees for cloud services.	Luciana Arantes
SLIC Superpixels Compared to State-of-the-Art Superpixel Methods.	Aurélien Lucchi
SMART precision cancer medicine: a FHIR-based app to provide genomic information at the point of care.	Lucy Wang
SMIREP: Predicting Chemical Activity from SMILES.	Luc De Raedt
SMT Layout Overhead and Scalability.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
SMT-Based Bounded Model Checking for Embedded ANSI-C Software	Lucas C. Cordeiro
SMT-Based Bounded Model Checking for Embedded ANSI-C Software.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
SMT-Based Bounded Model Checking of Fixed-Point Digital Controllers.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
SMT-Based Context-Bounded Model Checking for Embedded Systems: Challenges and Future Trends.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
SMT-based Verification of LTL Specifications with Integer Constraints and its Application to Runtime Checking of Service Substitutability	Luca Cavallaro
SNP calling by sequencing pooled samples.	Luca Ferretti
SNPLims: a data management system for genome wide association studies.	Luciano Milanesi
SNPRanker: a tool for identification and scoring of SNPs associated to target genes.	Luciano Milanesi
SNPranker 2.0: a gene-centric data mining tool for diseases associated SNP prioritization in GWAS.	Luciano Milanesi
SOA und EU-Dienstleistungsrichtlinie in der öffentlichen Verwaltung.	Jörn von Lucke
SOS rule formats for idempotent terms and idempotent unary operators.	Luca Aceto
SOS rule formats for zero and unit elements.	Luca Aceto
SPAIDE: A Real-time Research Platform for the Clarion CII/90K Cochlear Implant.	Luc Van Immerseel
SPARSE Reduces Conjunctively to TALLY.	Luc Longpré
SPCS: Secure and Privacy-Preserving Charging-Station Searching using VANET.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
SPECS: Secure and privacy enhancing communications schemes for VANETs.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
SPELTA: An expert system to generate therapy plans for speech and language disorders.	Daysi Arévalo-Lucero
SPIDER: Fault Resilient SDN Pipeline with Recovery Delay Guarantees.	Luca Pollini
SPUD - Semantic Processing of Urban Data.	Marco Luca Sbodio
SQL Anywhere: An Embeddable DBMS.	Brendan Lucier
SRAM-Based FPGA Systems for Safety-Critical Applications: A Survey on Design Standards and Proposed Methodologies.	Luca Cassano
STEM-NET: How to deploy a self-organizing network of mobile end-user devices for emergency communication.	Luca Bedogni
STEM-NET: How to deploy a self-organizing network of mobile end-user devices for emergency communication.	Luciano Bononi
STEM-Net: an evolutionary network architecture for smart and sustainable cities.	Luca Bedogni
STM-HRT: A Robust and Wait-Free STM for Hard Real-Time Multicore Embedded Systems.	Jean-Luc Béchennec
SUS-BAR: a database of pig proteins with statistically validated structural and functional annotation.	Luca Fontanesi
SUTIL - Network selection based on utility function and integer linear programming.	Luci Pirmez
SVD algorithms to approximate spectra of dynamical systems.	Luca Dieci
SVD compression, unitary transforms, and computational complexity.	Luc Knockaert
SVM-based CDMA receiver with incremental active learning.	Luca Rugini
SVoNt - Version Control of OWL Ontologies on the Concept Level.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
SWEETS: um Sistema de Recomendação de Especialistas aplicado a uma plataforma de Gestão de Conhecimento.	Lucas R. B. Schmitz
SWIFT: System Workbench for Integrating and Facilitating Teams.	M. Lucenti
SWOF - an open framework for shared workspaces to support different cooperation tasks.	Holger Luczak
SYMBIOmatics: Synergies in Medical Informatics and Bioinformatics - exploring current scientific literature for emerging topics.	Luciano Milanesi
SYNAPSE++: Code Dissemination in Wireless Sensor Networks Using Fountain Codes.	Luca Stabellini
Saddle points and scalarizing sets in multiple objective linear programming.	Dinh The Luc
Saddle-Node bifurcation Cascades and associated Traveling Waves in Weakly Coupling CML.	Lucía Cerrada
Safe Data Sharing and Data Dissemination on Smart Devices	Luc Bouganim
Safe design of high-performance embedded systems in an MDE framework.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Safe evolution templates for software product lines.	Lucinéia Turnes
Safe execution of untrusted applications on embedded network processors.	Mihai-Lucian Cristea
SafeRazor: Metastability-Robust Adaptive Clocking in Resilient Circuits.	Luciano Lavagno
Safeguarding mechanisms in a supply chain network.	Luc Cassivi
Safety Control of Industrial Robots Based on a Distributed Distance Sensor.	Luca Bascetta
Safety, Liveness, and Information Flow: Dependability Revisited.	Lucia Draque Penso
Salient features useful for the accurate segmentation of masticatory muscles from minimum slices subsets of magnetic resonance images.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Sampling complete designs.	Luca Giuzzi
Sampling of generalized almost-cyclostationary signals.	Luciano Izzo
Sampling with arbitrary precision.	Luc Devroye
Sand transverse dune aerodynamics: 3D Coherent Flow Structures from a computational study.	Luca Bruno
SandBlaster: Reversing the Apple Sandbox.	Lucas Davi
Saperi P2P.	Luca Simeone
Satellite Earth observation data to identify anthropogenic pressures in selected protected areas.	Richard M. Lucas
Satellite Microwave Remote Sensing of Boreal and Arctic Soil Temperatures From AMSR-E.	Lucas Jones
Satellite Microwave Retrieval of Total Precipitable Water Vapor and Surface Air Temperature Over Land From AMSR2.	Lucas A. Jones
Satellite image classification and segmentation using non-additive entropy.	Lucas Assirati
Saturation and inverse results for the Bernstein max-product operator.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Saving Power by Synthesizing Gated Clocks for Sequential Circuits.	Luca Benini
Scalability and Communication in Parallel Low-Complexity Lossless Compression.	Luca Lombardi
Scalability and performance of computational structures for real-time order promising.	Andres J. Lucas
Scalable Architecture for Multi-User Encrypted SQL Operations on Cloud Database Services.	Luca Ferretti
Scalable Information Inequalities for Uncertainty Quantification.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Scalable Multi-Output Label Prediction: From Classifier Chains to Classifier Trellises.	Luca Martino
Scalable Resolution Display Walls.	Luc Renambot
Scalable and Efficient Video Coding Using 3-D Modeling.	Luce Morin
Scalable and mobile context data retrieval and distribution for community response heterogeneous wireless networks.	Luca Foschini
Scalable data management for map-reduce-based data-intensive applications: a view for cloud and hybrid infrastructures.	Luc Bougé
Scalable mpNoC for massively parallel systems - Design and implementation on FPGA.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Scalable multi-output label prediction: From classifier chains to classifier trellises.	Luca Martino
Scalarizing Functions for Generating the Weakly Efficient Solution Set in Convex Multiobjective Problems.	Dinh The Luc
Scale Space Hierarchy.	Luc Florack
Scale and the differential structure of images.	Luc Florack
Scale free networks by preferential depletion	Lucilla de Arcangelis
Scale-Based Gaussian Coverings: Combining Intra and Inter Mixture Models in Image Segmentation	Jean-Luc Starck
Scale-Based Gaussian Coverings: Combining Intra and Inter Mixture Models in Image Segmentation.	Jean-Luc Starck
Scale-Invariant Rotating Black Holes in Quadratic Gravity.	Luciano Vanzo
Scaled-Distance-Transforms and Monotonicity of Autocorrelations.	Jean-Luc Bouchot
Scaling Up Inductive Logic Programming by Learning from Interpretations	Luc De Raedt
Scaling Up Inductive Logic Programming by Learning from Interpretations.	Luc De Raedt
Scaling techniques for gradient projection-type methods in astronomical image deblurring.	Luca Zanni
Scattering features for lung cancer detection in fibered confocal fluorescence microscopy images.	Luc Thiberville
Scenario optimization with certificates and applications to anti-windup design.	Luca Zaccarian
Scheduling Independent Tasks with Multiple Modes.	Lucio Bianco
Scheduling Preemptive Multiprocessor Tasks on Dedicated Processors.	Lucio Bianco
Scheduling UET-UCT Series-Parallel Graphs on Two Processors.	Lucian Finta
Scheduling an interval ordered precedence graph with communication delays and a limited number of processors.	Lucian Finta
Scheduling battery usage in mobile systems.	Luca Benini
Scheduling examinations to reduce second-order conflicts.	Abilio Lucena
Scheduling for Embedded Real-Time Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Scheduling models for air traffic control in terminal areas.	Lucio Bianco
Scheduling strategies for optimal service deployment across multiple clouds.	José Luis Lucas-Simarro
Scheduling trees with large communication delays on two identical processors.	Lucian Finta
Schema Management.	Lucian Popa
Scheme-based theorem discovery and concept invention.	Lucas Dixon
Schnyder Woods for Higher Genus Triangulated Surfaces, with Applications to Encoding.	Luca Castelli Aleardi
Schnyder woods for higher genus triangulated surfaces (abstract).	Luca Castelli Aleardi
Schur function analogs for a filtration of the symmetric function space.	Luc Lapointe
Science and technology in the region: The output of regional science and technology, its strengths and its leading institutions.	Lucie Bestakowa
Science at LLNL with IBM Blue Gene/Q.	Jean-Luc Fattebert
Science communication and information dissemination: the role of the information professional in the 'Perception and Awareness of Science' project.	Luciana Libutti
Scientific Computing in the Cloud	Lucas Svec
Scientific Computing in the Cloud.	Lucas Svec
Scientific journal publishers and omitted citations in bibliometric databases: Any relationship?	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Scilab and SIP for Image Processing	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Score operators of a qubit with applications.	Lucas K. Mentch
Score-Independent Audio Features for Description of Music Expression.	Luca Mion
Scoring rule voting games and dominance solvability.	Lucia Buenrostro
ScratchDrone - Systematische Programmierung von Flugdrohnen für den Informatikunterricht.	Ulrike Lucke
Screening of False Induction Motor Fault Alarms Produced by Axial Air Ducts Based on the Space-Harmonic-Induced Current Components.	Luca Zarri
Sculpting multi-dimensional nested structures.	Lucian Stãnculescu
SeLINA: A Self-Learning Insightful Network Analyzer.	Luca Venturini
Seamless Content Delivery over Mobile 3G+/4G Networks.	Luca Celetto
Seamless integration of spatial statistics and GIS: The S-PLUS for ArcView and the S+Grassland Links.	Luc Anselin
Search based constrained test case selection using execution effort.	Luciano S. de Souza
Search for Choquet-optimal paths under uncertainty	Lucie Galand
Search for Choquet-optimal paths under uncertainty.	Lucie Galand
Searching combinatorial optimality using graph-based homology information.	Jean-Luc Mari
Searching for Information on PDA in a Naturalistic Environment with or without Music.	Luciano Gamberini
Searching the Web: operator assistance required.	Wendy T. Lucas
Seats at the table: The network of the editorial boards in information and library science.	Lucio Barabesi
Seats at the table: the network of the editorial boards in information and library science	Lucio Barabesi
SecSpaces: a Data-driven Coordination Model for Environments Open to Untrusted Agents.	Roberto Lucchi
Second Simulation of the Satellite Signal in the Solar Spectrum, 6S: an overview.	Jean-Luc Deuze
Second-Order Bilinear Discriminant Analysis.	Lucas C. Parra
Second-order approximation of the entropy in nonlinear least-squares estimation.	Luc Pronzato
Second-order statistical measures for text-independent speaker identification.	Luc Mathan
Secrecy and group creation.	Luca Cardelli
Secrecy, Group Creation.	Luca Cardelli
Sector-Switching Sonication Strategy for Accelerated HIFU Treatment of Prostate Cancer: In Vitro Experimental Validation.	Lucie Brasset
Secure Chained Threshold Proxy Signature without and with Supervision.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Secure Communication Over Parallel Relay Channel.	Luc Vandendorpe
Secure Communication over Parallel Relay Channel	Luc Vandendorpe
Secure Degrees of Freedom of MIMO X-Channels With Output Feedback and Delayed CSIT.	Luc Vandendorpe
Secure Degrees of Freedom of MIMO X-Channels with Output Feedback and Delayed CSIT.	Luc Vandendorpe
Secure Failure Detection and Consensus in TrustedPals.	Lucia Draque Penso
Secure Online Elections in Practice.	Lucie Langer
Secure Personal Data Servers: a Vision Paper.	Luc Bouganim
Secure extension to the optimised link state routing protocol.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Secure shared data-space coordination languages: A process algebraic survey.	Roberto Lucchi
Secure vehicle routing: models and algorithms to increase security and reduce costs in the cash-in-transit sector.	Luca Talarico
Securing the "Bring Your Own Device" Paradigm.	Luca Verderame
Securing the signaling plane in beyond 3G networks: analysis of performance overheads.	Luca Salgarelli
Security Analysis of ePrint Report 2016/500 "Efficient Identity-Based Encryption and Public-Key Signature from Trapdoor Subgroups".	Lucjan Hanzlik
Security Constraints in Temporal Role-Based Access-Controlled Workflows (Extended Version).	Luca Viganò 0001
Security Issues in Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Security Issues in the Android Cross-Layer Architecture	Luca Verderame
Security and privacy at the private multispecialty hospital Istituto Clinico Humanitas: strategy and reality.	Luciano Ravera
Security concerns and countermeasures in network coding based communication systems: A survey.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Security considerations related to the use of mobile devices in the operation of critical infrastructures.	Luca Verderame
Security evaluation of application-specific integrated circuits and field programmable gate arrays against setup time violation attacks.	Jean-Luc Danger
Security evaluation of biometric authentication systems under real spoofing attacks.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Security of Cyclic Double Block Length Hash Functions including Abreast-DM.	Stefan Lucks
Security of Tseng-Jan's group signature schemes.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Security of Wang et al.'s group-oriented (t, n) threshold signature schemes with traceable signers.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Security pitfalls of frame-by-frame approaches to video watermarking.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Seeing the Unseen: Revealing Mobile Malware Hidden Communications via Energy Consumption and Artificial Intelligence.	Luca Caviglione
Segmentation of Discrete Curves into Fuzzy Segments.	Jean-Luc Remy
Segmentation of bathymetric profiles and terrain matching for underwater vehicle navigation.	Laurence Lucido
Segmentation of page images having artifacts of photocopying and scanning.	Luca Lombardi
Segmentation of the temporalis muscle from MR data.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Segmentation of two-phase flow: a free representation for Level Set method with a priori knowledge.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
Segmentation-Based MAP Despeckling of SAR Images in the Undecimated Wavelet Domain.	Luciano Alparone
Seidel complementation on ($P_5$, $House$, $Bull$)-free graphs	Jean-Luc Fouquet
SeisPrho: An interactive computer program for processing and interpretation of high-resolution seismic reflection profiles.	Luca Gasperini
Seismogenic zone-dependent time-clustering behaviour in Italian seismicity.	Luciano Telesca
Selected Articles from the CDNLive! EMEA 2012 Conference.	Luciano Lavagno
Selected issues of cartographic communication optimization for emergency centers.	Lucie Friedmannová
Selecting classifiers by F-score for real-time video tracking.	Gian Luca Foresti
Selecting treatment strategies with dynamic limited-memory influence diagrams.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Selecting variables with search algorithms and neural networks to improve the process of time series forecasting.	Tarcísio Lucas
Selection and acquisition of e-books in Irish institutes of technology libraries: A study.	Lucy A. Tedd
Selective activation of the superior frontal gyrus in task-switching: An event-related fNIRS study.	Luciano Gamberini
Selective attention effects on early integration of social signals: Same timing, modulated neural sources.	Lucile Gamond
Selective revision with multiple informants and argumentative support.	Luciano Héctor Tamargo
Self regulating mechanisms for network immunization.	Luca Mancini
Self-Adaptive Algorithmic/Architectural Design for Real-Time, Low-Power Video Systems.	Luca Fanucci
Self-Adaptive Context Data Management in Large-Scale Mobile Systems.	Luca Foschini
Self-Assembly of Shapes at Constant Scale using Repulsive Forces.	Austin Luchsinger
Self-Calibration and Metric Reconstruction Inspite of Varying and Unknown Intrinsic Camera Parameters.	Luc J. Van Gool
Self-Compensating Networks for Four-Terminal-Pair Impedance Definition in Current Comparator Bridges.	Luca Callegaro
Self-Generated Complexity and Human-Machine Interaction.	Holger Luczak
Self-Organization in Decentralized Networks: A Trial and Error Learning Approach.	Luca Rose
Self-Organizing Seamless Multimedia Streaming in Dense Manets.	Luca Foschini
Self-Powered WSN for Distributed Data Center Monitoring.	Luca Rizzon
Self-Reconfigurable Smart Camera Networks.	Gian Luca Foresti
Self-Reported Symptoms of Depression and PTSD Are Associated with Reduced Vowel Space in Screening Interviews.	Gale M. Lucas
Self-Shuffling Words	Luca Q. Zamboni
Self-Stabilizing Clock Synchronization with 3-bit messages.	Lucas Boczkowski
Self-Stabilizing Repeated Balls-into-Bins.	Luca Becchetti
Self-Supervising BPEL Processes.	Luciano Baresi
Self-adaptive handoff management for mobile streaming continuity.	Luca Foschini
Self-addressable memory-based FSM: a scalable intrusion detection engine.	Lucas Vespa
Self-calibrating smooth pursuit through active efficient coding.	Luca Lonini
Self-checking design, implementation, and measurement of a controller for track-side railway systems.	Luca Schiano
Self-coexistence in cellular cognitive radio networks based on the IEEE 802.22 standard.	Luciano Lenzini
Self-organization in Cortical Maps & EM-learning.	Luca Perico
Self-organized cooperation between robotic swarms.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Self-organizing agent communities for autonomic resource management.	Michael Luck
Self-organizing shape description for tracking and classifying multiple interacting objects.	Lucio Marcenaro
Self-organizing shape description for tracking and classifying multiple interacting objects.	Luca Marchesotti
Self-regulated learning and the role of ePortfolios in business studies.	Lucía Morales
Self-tuning geometric semantic Genetic Programming.	Luca Manzoni
Self-tuning transmitter for fibre-to-the-antenna PON networks.	Lucia Marazzi
Selfishness, collusion and power of local search for the ADMs minimization problem.	Luca Moscardelli
Semantic Coordination for Document Retrieval.	Luciano Serafini
Semantic Enrichment of Mobile Phone Data Records Using Background Knowledge.	Luciano Serafini
Semantic Relations Between Nominals Vivi Nastase1, Preslav Nakov2, Diarmuid ó Séaghdha3, and Stan Szpakowicz4 (1FBK, Trento; 2QCRI, Qatar Foundation; 3University of Cambridge; 4University of Ottawa) Morgan & Claypool (Synthesis Lectures on Human Language Technologies, edited by Graeme Hirst, volume 19), 2013, xvii+124 pp; paperbound, ISBN 978-1-60845-979-7, $40.00; e-book, ISBN 978-1-60845-980-3, $30.00 or by subscription.	Lucy Vanderwende
Semantic associative relations and conceptual processing.	Lucia Serenella De Federicis
Semantic characterization of rational closure: From propositional logic to description logics.	Gian Luca Pozzato
Semantic fusion of laser and vision in pedestrian detection.	Luciano Oliveira
Semantic genetic programming for fast and accurate data knowledge discovery.	Luca Manzoni
Semantic information and the network theory of account.	Luciano Floridi
Semantic interoperability of controlled vocabularies in medicine: A case study of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases 'Tuberculosis' subset.	Luciana Tricai Cavalini
Semantic mashup of biomedical data.	Joanne Luciano
Semantic processing of multimedia data for e-government applications.	Luca Greco 0001
Semantic super-resolution: When and where is it useful?	Luc J. Van Gool
Semantic technologies for industry: From knowledge modeling and integration to intelligent applications.	Luciano Serafini
Semantic-based Anomalous Pattern Discovery in Moving Object Trajectories	Luca Mazzola
Semantics-Based Aspect-Oriented Management of Exceptional Flows in Business Processes.	Luciano Serafini
Semi-Absolute Deviation Rule for Mutual Funds Portfolio Selection.	Luca Chiodi
Semi-Active Steering Damper Control in Two-Wheeled Vehicles.	Luca Fabbri
Semi-Automatic Ontology Construction by Exploiting Functional Dependencies and Association Rules.	Luca Cagliero
Semi-Blind Layered Space-Frequency Equalization for Single-Carrier MIMO Systems with Block Transmission.	Luciano Sarperi
Semi-Lagrangian Methods for Parabolic Problems in Divergence Form.	Luca Bonaventura
Semi-automatic Generation of Subcategorization Frames for Spanish Verbs Using Ontologies and Verbs Functional Class.	María Lucila Morales-Rodríguez
Semi-automatic MRI segmentation and volume quantification of intra-plaque hemorrhage.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Semi-automatic identification of punching areas for tissue microarray building: the tubular breast cancer pilot study.	Luciano Milanesi
Semi-automatic single particle segmentation on electron micrographs.	Lucas M. Oliveira
Semi-clairvoyant scheduling.	Luca Becchetti
Semi-local projective invariants for the recognition of smooth plane curves.	Luc J. Van Gool
Semi-local projective invariants for the recognition of smooth plane curves.	Luce Morin
Semianalytic BER evaluation by simulation for noisy nonlinear bandpass channels.	Giuseppe De Luca
Semiautomated Verification of Access Control Implementation in Industrial Networked Systems.	Lucia Seno
Semiautomated Verification of Access Control Implementation in Industrial Networked Systems.	Luca Durante
Semiautomatic carotid lumen segmentation for quantification of lumen geometry in multispectral MRI.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Semiautomatic classification of cementitious materials using scanning electron microscope images.	Lucas Drumetz
Semiotic Dynamics for Embodied Agents.	Luc Steels
Semiparametric score driven volatility models.	André Lucas
Semiparametric stochastic frontier models for clustered data.	Luca Grassetti
Semiperiodic words and root-conjugacy.	Aldo de Luca
Semiring Programming: A Framework for Search, Inference and Learning.	Luc De Raedt
Sensing Devices and Sensor Signal Processing for Remote Monitoring of Vital Signs in CHF Patients.	Luca Fanucci
Sensing Trending Topics in Twitter.	Luca Maria Aiello
Sensitivity Analysis for Declarative Relational Query Languages with Ordinal Ranks	Lucie Urbanova
Sensitivity Analysis for Studying the Relation between biochemical reactions and metabolic phenotypes.	Luciano Milanesi
Sensitivity Analysis of the Value Function for Optimization Problems with Variational Inequality Constraints.	Yves Lucet
Sensitivity Evaluation of TMR-Hardened Circuits to Multiple SEUs Induced by Alpha Particles in Commercial SRAM-Based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
Sensitivity Study of Input Parameters for Seepage Flow Simulations using Parallel Computers.	Lucas A. Walshire
Sensitivity Theory and Its Application to a Large Energy-Economics Model.	J. L. Lucius
Sensitivity of BOLD response to increasing visual contrast: Spin echo versus gradient echo EPI.	Gian Luca Romani
Sensor Andrew: Large-scale campus-wide sensing and actuation.	Lucio Soibelman
Sensor Deployment for Network-Like Environments.	Luca Greco 0001
Sensor Modeling, Low-Complexity Fusion Algorithms, and Mixed-Signal IC Prototyping for Gas Measures in Low-Emission Vehicles.	Luca Fanucci
Sensorless Finite-Control Set Model Predictive Control for IPMSM Drives.	Luca Rovere
Sensory Feedback in CNN-Based Central Pattern Generators.	Luca Patané
Sentiment detection in social networks and in collaborative learning environments.	Luca Greco 0001
Sentiment detection in social networks and in collaborative learning environments.	Luca Casaburi
Sentiment-enhanced Multidimensional Analysis of Online Social Networks: Perception of the Mediterranean Refugees Crisis.	Claudio Lucchese
Separable Implementation of L2-Orthogonal STC CPM with Fast Decoding	Luc Deneire
Separable and Anonymous Identity-Based Key Issuing.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Separable and additive representations of binary gambles of gains.	R. Duncan Luce
Separably Closed Fields and contractive Ore Modules.	Luc Bélair
Separation of Audio-Visual Speech Sources: A New Approach Exploiting the Audio-Visual Coherence of Speech Stimuli.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Separation of particles in non-Newtonian fluids flowing in T-shaped microchannels.	Pier Luca Maffettone
Separation of propagating and non propagating components in surface EMG.	Luca Mesin
Seq4SNPs: new software for retrieval of multiple, accurately annotated DNA sequences, ready formatted for SNP assay design.	Craig Luccarini
SeqPig: simple and scalable scripting for large sequencing data sets in Hadoop.	Luca Pireddu
Sequent Calculi and Decision Procedures for Weak Modal Systems.	Thierry Lucas
Sequent Calculi for the Modal µ-Calculus over S5.	Luca Alberucci
Sequential Penalty Derivative-Free Methods for Nonlinear Constrained Optimization.	Stefano Lucidi
Sequential assignment of 2D-NMR spectra of proteins using genetic algorithms.	Carlos B. Lucasius
Sequential attacks against differential-phase-shift quantum key distribution with weak coherent states.	Lucy Liuxuan Zhang
Sequential modeling of a low noise amplifier with neural networks and active learning.	Luciano De Tommasi
Sequential ordering problems for crane scheduling in port terminals.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Sequential pattern mining applied to aeroengine condition monitoring with uncertain health data.	Luciano Sánchez
Sequential pattern mining for discovering gene interactions and their contextual information from biomedical texts.	Jean-Luc Manguin
Sequential problems that test generalization in learning classifier systems.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Series Resonant Multiinverter with Discontinuous-Mode Control for Improved Light-Load Operation.	Oscar Lucía
Serious Games to support Reflection in the HealthCare Sector.	Lucia Pannese
Serious Gaming for Behavior Change: The State of Play.	Lucas Paletta
Serious games for emergency preparedness: Evaluation of an interactive vs. a non-interactive simulation of a terror attack.	Luca Chittaro
Service Adaptive Multimedia Retrieval.	Ernesto William De Luca
Service Combinators for Web Computing.	Luca Cardelli
Service chaining architectures for applications implementing distributed geographic information processing.	Roberto Lucchi
Service oriented software engineering for modeling agents and services in grid systems.	Luca Abeti
Service-Oriented Dynamic Software Product Lines.	Luciano Baresi
Service-basierte Integration dynamischer, interaktiver Medien in Lernplattformen.	Ulrike Lucke
Session Initiation Protocol Automatic Debugger.	Luca De Vito
Set Computation for Nonlinear Control.	Luc Jaulin
Set inversion via interval analysis for nonlinear bounded-error estimation.	Luc Jaulin
Set point tracking optimisation by causal nonparametric modelling.	Luca Bascetta
Set-membership localization with probabilistic errors.	Luc Jaulin
Set-membership state estimation with fleeting data.	Luc Jaulin
SetExp: a method of transformation of timed automata into finite state automata.	Lucien Ouedraogo
Sets and indices in linear programming modelling and their integration with relational data models.	Cormac Lucas
Setting equilibrium prices, approximately.	Brendan Lucier
Setting the Research Agenda in Automated Timetabling: The Second International Timetabling Competition.	Luca Di Gaspero
Setting up and Running a Sharing Service: an Organisational Perspective.	Naemi Luckner
Setup of Galvanic Sensors for the Monitoring of Gilded Bronzes.	Lucia Toniolo
Seven ways to improve example-based single image super resolution.	Luc J. Van Gool
Several New Diverse Anticonvulsant Agents Discovered in a Virtual Screening Campaign Aimed at Novel Antiepileptic Drugs to Treat Refractory Epilepsy.	Luciana Gavernet
Several properties of array languages.	Dorel Lucanu
Shadow Kernels: A General Mechanism For Kernel Specialization in Existing Operating Systems.	Lucian Carata
Shape Calculus. A Spatial Mobile Calculus for 3D Shapes.	Luca Tesei
Shape Calculus: Timed Operational Semantics and Well-formedness	Luca Tesei
Shape Retrieval of Non-rigid 3D Human Models.	Luca Isaia
Shape analysis with the 'Boundary Integral-Resonant Mode Expansion' method.	Luca Lombardi
Shape and Texture Indexes Application to Cell nuclei Classification.	Jean-Luc Mari
Shape characterization with the wavelet transform.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Shape controlled interpolatory ternary subdivision.	Lucia Romani
Shape derivatives for minima of integral functionals.	Ilaria Lucardesi
Shape description and recognition by a multiresolution approach.	Luca Lombardi
Shape, texture and statistical features for classification of benign and malignant vertebral compression fractures in magnetic resonance images.	Lucas Frighetto-Pereira
Shape-from-recognition: Recognition enables meta-data transfer.	Luc J. Van Gool
Shaping of Looped Miniaturized Chalcogenide Fiber Sensing Heads for Mid-Infrared Sensing.	Jacques Lucas
Shaping the Dynamics of a Bidirectional Neural Interface.	Luciano Fadiga
Shaping the Web: Why the Politics of Search Engines Matters.	Lucas D. Introna
Shapley Value in a Model of Information Transferal.	Patricia Lucia Galdeano
Share Opportunity Sets and Cooperative Games.	Lucia Pusillo
Shared grounding of event descriptions by autonomous robots.	Luc Steels
Sharing Satellite Observations with the Climate-Modeling Community: Software and Architecture.	Luca Cinquini
Sharing data for the public good and protecting individual privacy: informatics solutions to combine different goals.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Sharing risk and ambiguity.	Luca Rigotti
Sharing risk through concession contracts.	Pasquale Lucio Scandizzo
Sharing the cost more efficiently: Improved approximation for multicommodity rent-or-buy.	Luca Becchetti
Sharing the cost of multicast transmissions in wireless networks.	Luca Moscardelli
Sharp Concentration of Hitting Size for Random Set Systems.	Lucia Petito
Sharp Variational Conditions for Convex Composite Nonsmooth Functions.	Dinh The Luc
Sharp control time for viscoelastic bodys	Luciano Pandolfi
Sharp estimates for the hitting probability on time-dependent barriers for a Brownian Motion. Weak approximation of a Brownian motion killed on time-dependent barriers.	Lucia Caramellino
Sharp sufficient attractivity conditions for sliding on a co-dimension 2 discontinuity surface.	Luciano Lopez
Sharp sufficient attractivity conditions for sliding on a co-dimension 2 discontinuity surface.	Luca Dieci
Sharp transition towards shared vocabularies in multi-agent systems	Luc Steels
SharpViSu: integrated analysis and segmentation of super-resolution microscopy data.	Jean-Luc Vonesch
Shaving diffusion tensor images in discriminant analysis: A study into schizophrenia.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Short range tracking of rainy clouds by multi-image flow processing of X-band radar data.	Luca Mesin
Short term load forecasting using fuzzy neural network modified by the similarity and subsethood measures.	Caro Lucas
Shortest Paths for a Robot With Nonholonomic and Field-of-View Constraints.	Lucia Pallottino
Shortest paths for finned, winged, legged, and wheeled vehicles with side-looking sensors.	Lucia Pallottino
Show Me or Tell Me: Designing Avatars for Feedback.	Lucas Pereira
Shuffle factorization is unique.	Luc Boasson
Shunt Active-Power-Filter Topology Based on Parallel Interleaved Inverters.	Lucian Asiminoaei
SiO2 single layer for reduction of the standing wave effects in the interference lithography of deep photoresist structures on Si.	Lucila Cescato
SiON high-refractive-index waveguide and planar lightwave circuits.	Gian-Luca Bona
Sichere, Standardisierte, Symmetrische Verschlüsselung auf Basis von DES und AES.	Stefan Lucks
Sicherheit des GSM- Verschlüsselungsstandards A5.	Stefan Lucks
Sicherheit von 1024 bit RSA-Schlüsseln gefährdet.	Stefan Lucks
Side-Channel Leakage and Trace Compression using Normalized Inter-Class Variance.	Jean-Luc Danger
SigTur/E-Destination: Ontology-based personalized recommendation of Tourism and Leisure Activities.	Lucas Marin
Sigma Delta ADC-Based Frequency-Error Measurement in Single-Carrier Digital Modulations.	Domenico Luca Carnì
Sigmoid: A Software Infrastructure for Pathway Bioinformatics and Systems Biology.	Lucas Scharenbroich
Sign Conjugacy Classes of the Symmetric Groups.	Lucia Morotti
Sign Language Fingerspelling Classification from Depth and Color Images using a Deep Belief Network.	Lucas Rioux-Maldague
Signal Background Estimation and Baseline Correction Algorithms for Accurate DNA Sequencing.	Lucio Andrade
Signal interception in non-Gaussian noise.	Luciano Izzo
Signal processing methods for information enhancement in atrial fibrillation: Spectral analysis and non-linear parameters.	Luca T. Mainardi
Signal propagation in cortical networks: a digital signal processing approach.	Luciano da F. Costa
Signal-dependent wavelets for electromyogram classification.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Signal-dependent wavelets for electromyogram classification.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Signal-to-noise ratio and autocorrelation function of the image intensity in coherent systems. Sub-Rayleigh and super-Rayleigh conditions.	Lucio Verrazzani
Signalling for B-ISDN communications.	Luciano Piovano
Signalling protocols for multimedia application: Prototype for an ATM test-bed.	Luciano Piovano
Signcryption in Hierarchical Identity Based Cryptosystem.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Significance of CT scan and color Doppler duplex ultrasound in the assessment of Abernethy malformation.	Lucas Nacif
SimBAD: a Virtual Lab based on the Jini Framework.	Luca Greco 0001
SimCon: A context simulator for supporting evaluation of smart building applications when faced with uncertainty.	Lucy Hederman
Similar cerebral networks in language, music and song perception.	Jean-Luc Anton
Similarity Mapping with Enhanced Siamese Network for Multi-Object Tracking.	Luca Rigazio
Similarity Search of Business Process Models.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Similarity and dissimilarity measures between fuzzy sets: A formal relational study.	Luciano Sánchez
Similarity caching in large-scale image retrieval.	Claudio Lucchese
Similarity-based Classification: Concepts and Algorithms.	Luca Cazzanti
Simple Characterizations of Potential Games and Zero-sum Games.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Simple Dynamics for Majority Consensus.	Luca Becchetti
Simple Dynamics for Majority Consensus.	Luca Trevisan
Simple Indoor Path Loss Prediction Algorithm and Validation in Living Lab Setting.	Luc Martens
Simple and Efficient String Matching with k Mismatches.	Fabrizio Luccio
Simple equalization of time-varying channels for OFDM.	Luca Rugini
Simple reaction Systems and their Classification.	Luca Manzoni
Simple set cardinality estimation through random sampling.	Luca Pretto
Simplification of a complex signal transduction model using invariants and flow equivalent servers.	Lucia Napione
Simplified gyral pattern in severe developmental microcephalies? New insights from allometric modeling for spatial and spectral analysis of gyrification.	Lucie Hertz-Pannier
Simplifying Many-Core-Based Heterogeneous SoC Programming With Offload Directives.	Luca Benini
Simplifying payments in emerging markets.	Lucia Terrenghi
Simplifying the Search for Effective Ranking of Fuzzy Numbers.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Simulated Car Racing Championship: Competition Software Manual	Pier Luca Lanzi
Simulated annealing for the machine reassignment problem.	Luciana S. Buriol
Simulated fault injection methodology for gate-level quantum circuit reliability assessment.	Lucian Prodan
Simulating Emergent Properties of Coordination in Maude: the Collective Sort Case.	Luca Gardelli
Simulating Organogenesis in COMSOL: Phase-Field Based Simulations of Embryonic Lung Branching Morphogenesis.	Lucas Daniel Wittwer
Simulating Size-constrained Galton-Watson Trees.	Luc Devroye
Simulating Topographic Effects on Spaceborne Radiometric Observations Between L and X Frequency Bands.	Luca Pulvirenti
Simulating an in vitro experiment on nanoscale communications by using BiNS2.	Luca Felicetti
Simulating physical interactions between an articulated mobile vehicle and a terrain.	Annie Luciani
Simulating the Tail of the Interference in a Poisson Network Model.	Giovanni Luca Torrisi
Simulation and Planning of an Intermodal Container Terminal.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Simulation and anticipation of domino effects among critical infrastructures.	Luciano Morabito
Simulation of Compressible Flow on a Massively Parallel Architecture.	Luc Bauwens
Simulation of ECB decisions and forecast of short term Euro rate with an adaptive fuzzy expert system.	Luca Erzegovesi
Simulation of Molecular Signaling in Blood Vessels: Software Design and Application to Atherogenesis.	Luca Felicetti
Simulation of Spatially Correlated Clutter Fields.	María Magdalena Lucini
Simulation of Surface EMG Signals for a Multilayer Volume Conductor With Triangular Model of the Muscle Tissue.	Luca Mesin
Simulation of Surface EMG Signals for a Multilayer Volume Conductor With a Superficial Bone or Blood Vessel.	Luca Mesin
Simulation of axi-symmetric flow towards wells: A finite-difference approach.	Luc Lebbe
Simulation of crop water and mineral relations in greenhouse soilless culture.	Luca Incrocci
Simulation of friction stir welding using industrial robots.	Luc Baron
Simulation of molecular signaling in blood vessels: Software design and application to atherogenesis.	Luca Felicetti
Simulation of surface EMG signals generated by muscle tissues with inhomogeneity due to fiber pinnation.	Luca Mesin
Simulation of the human TMJ behavior based on interdependent joints topology.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Simulation of vehicular ad-hoc networks: Challenges, review of tools and recommendations.	André-Luc Beylot
Simulations of a Vibrissa Slipping along a Straight Edge and an Analysis of Frictional Effects during Whisking.	Lucie A. Huet
Simulations of quantitative shift in bio-climatic indices in the viticultural areas of Trentino (Italian Alps) by an open source R package.	Alessandra Lucia Zollo
Simulators for medical training: application to vascular ultrasound imaging.	Jean-Luc Bosson
Simulink fault localization: an iterative statistical debugging approach.	Lucia
Simulink-Based HW/SW Codesign of Embedded Neuro-Fuzzy Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Simultaneous $H_\infty$ Vibration Control of Fluid/Plate System via Reduced-Order Controller.	Lucie Baudouin
Simultaneous Auctions are (almost) Efficient	Brendan Lucier
Simultaneous Calibration of Odometry and Sensor Parameters for Mobile Robots.	Luca Marchionni
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI in Patients with Unverricht-Lundborg Disease: Event-Related Desynchronization/Synchronization and Hemodynamic Response Analysis.	Lucia Salvatoni
Simultaneous Localization And Mapping: Present, Future, and the Robust-Perception Age.	Luca Carlone
Simultaneous Localization and Mapping Using Rao-Blackwellized Particle Filters in Multi Robot Systems.	Luca Carlone
Simultaneous Object Recognition and Segmentation from Single or Multiple Model Views.	Luc J. Van Gool
Simultaneous classification and feature selection via convex quadratic programming with application to HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder assessment.	Lucette A. Cysique
Simultaneous discovery of cancer subtypes and subtype features by molecular data integration.	Luc De Raedt
Simultaneous fitting of real-time PCR data with efficiency of amplification modeled as Gaussian function of target fluorescence.	Tina Lucas
Simultaneous maximum a-posteriori reconstruction of attenuation and activity distributions from emission sinograms.	Luc Mortelmans
Simultaneous segmentation and classification of human actions in video streams using deeply optimized Hough transform.	Laurent Lucat
Single Machine Scheduling Subject To Precedence Delays.	Lucian Finta
Single Photon Counting Performance and Noise Analysis of CMOS SPAD-Based Image Sensors.	Luca Parmesan
Single sweep analysis of event related auditory potentials for the monitoring of sedation in cardiac surgery patients.	Luca T. Mainardi
Single-Use Disposable Electrochemical Label-Free Immunosensor for Detection of Glycated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Using Differential Pulse Voltammetry (DPV).	Luca Magagnin
Single-step digital backpropagation for nonlinearity mitigation.	Luca Potì
Single-trial detection in EEG and MEG: Keeping it linear.	Lucas C. Parra
Single-vendor single-buyer with integrated transport-inventory system: Models and heuristics in the case of perishable goods.	Lucio Zavanella
Singular spectral analysis of ill-known signals and its application to predictive maintenance of windmills with SCADA records.	Luciano Sánchez
Singular value excitation speech coder.	Lucio Prina Ricotti
Singular values of two-parameter matrices: an algorithm to accurately find their intersections.	Luca Dieci
Singularities of Monotone Vector Fields and an Extragradient-type Algorithm.	L. R. Lucambio Pérez
Sinusoidal Voltage Shaping of Inverter-Equipped Stand-Alone Generating Units.	Luca Solero
Siphoning Hidden-Web Data through Keyword-Based Interfaces.	Luciano Barbosa
Siphoning Hidden-Web Data through Keyword-Based Interfaces: Retrospective.	Luciano Barbosa
Sistema multiagente integrador de bibliotecas digitales.	Carlos Rodríguez-Lucatero
Situated Cellular Agents Approach to Crowd Modeling and Simulation.	Mizar Luca Federici
Situational awareness for the electrical power grid.	Luc Cauchon
Situational awareness in smart environments: socio-mobile and sensor data fusion for emergency response to disasters.	Gian Luca Foresti
Size Selection and Adaptive Evolution in an Artificial Chemistry.	Michael W. Lucht
Size and connectivity of the k-core of a random graph.	Tomasz Luczak
Skeletonization of labeled gray-tone images.	Luca Serino
Skill Assessment in Problem Solving and Simulated Learning Environments.	Luca Stefanutti
Skill map based knowledge structures: some considerations about their identifiability.	Luca Stefanutti
Skin Model Shapes: A new paradigm shift for geometric variations modelling in mechanical engineering.	Luc Mathieu
Skype Resilience to High Motion Videos.	Luca Druda
Skype Video congestion control: An experimental investigation.	Luca De Cicco
Slash and burn on graphs - Firefighting with general weights.	Lucia Draque Penso
Sleep Mode and Wakeup Method for OpenFlow Switches.	V. C. Luc
Sleep Monitoring Devices Using Electric Field (E-Field) Mattress for Children with Eczema.	Kwong-Luck Tan
Sleep modes effectiveness in backbone networks with limited configurations.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Sleep power minimisation using adaptive duty-cycling of DC-DC converters in state-retentive systems.	Luca Benini
Sleep reverts changes in human gray and white matter caused by wake-dependent training.	Luca Cecchetti
Slide Attacks on a Class of Hash Functions.	Stefan Lucks
Sliding Adjustment for 3D Video Representation.	Luce Morin
Sliding Motion in Filippov Differential Systems: Theoretical Results and a Computational Approach.	Luciano Lopez
Sliding Motion in Filippov Differential Systems: Theoretical Results and a Computational Approach.	Luca Dieci
Sliding mode control for two-time scale systems: stability issues.	Luca Greco 0003
Sliding motion on discontinuity surfaces of high co-dimension. A construction for selecting a Filippov vector field.	Luca Dieci
Sliding motion on discontinuity surfaces of high co-dimension. A construction for selecting a Filippov vector field.	Luciano Lopez
Sliding-Mode Tracking Control of Surface Vessels.	Lucas C. McNinch
Small Camera Movements as a Means of Reducing the Amount of Broken and False Detected Lines in Hough Transform.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Small Sample Size Performance of the Energy Detector.	Luca Rugini
Small, fuzzy and interpretable gene expression based classifiers.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Smart Demand-Side Response at Home.	Thomas Luckenbach
Smart Depth of Field Optimization Applied to a Robotised View Camera.	Luc de Saint Germain
Smart Grid Automation Based on IEC 61850: An Experimental Characterization.	Lucio Cremaschini
Smart Management of Renewable Energy for Green Transport.	Luca Valcarenghi
Smart Particle Filtering for 3D Hand Tracking.	Luc J. Van Gool
Smart Surfaces: Large Area Electronics Systems for Internet of Things Enabled by Energy Harvesting.	Luca Roselli
Smart depth of field optimization applied to a robotised view camera	Luc de Saint Germain
Smart malware detection on Android.	Lucian Mogosanu
Smart medical environment at the point of care: Auto-tracking clinical interventions at the bed side using RFID technology.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Smart meters: A users' view.	Luciano Gamberini
Smart particle filtering for high-dimensional tracking.	Luc J. Van Gool
Smart traffic analytics in the semantic web with STAR-CITY: Scenarios, system and lessons learned in Dublin City.	Marco Luca Sbodio
Smart transducer interface in embedded systems for networked sensors based on the emerging IEEE 1451 Standard: H2 Detection Case Study.	Luca Fanucci
Smart-Grid-Architekturen in österreich: Eine Bewertung der IKT-Sicherheitsaspekte relevanter Pilotprojekte.	Lucie Langer
SmartTutor: An intelligent tutoring system in web-based adult education.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Smarter Phones for Healthier Lifestyles: An Adaptive Fitness Game.	Luca Chittaro
Smartphone image clustering.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Smartphone-based crowdsourcing for estimating the bottleneck capacity in wireless networks.	Valerio Luconi
Smartphone-based crowdsourcing for estimating the bottleneck capacity in wireless networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Smartphone-based crowdsourcing for network monitoring: Opportunities, challenges, and a case study.	Valerio Luconi
Smartphone-based crowdsourcing for network monitoring: Opportunities, challenges, and a case study.	Luciano Lenzini
Smelly Maps: The Digital Life of Urban Smellscapes.	Luca Maria Aiello
Smoothed Model Checking for Uncertain Continuous Time Markov Chains.	Luca Bortolussi
Smoothed model checking for uncertain Continuous-Time Markov Chains.	Luca Bortolussi
Smoothness and Periodicity of Some Matrix Decompositions.	Luca Dieci
Snap-together motion: assembling run-time animations.	Lucas Kovar
Snarks and Flow-Critical Graphs.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
Snooker: A Structure-Based Pharmacophore Generation Tool Applied to Class A GPCRs.	Luc Roumen
So Long, T-RA!	Alessandro De Luca 0001
SoDA project: A simulation of soil surface degradation by rainfall.	Laurent Lucas
Social Groups and Pedestrian Crowds: Experiment on Dyads in a Counter Flow Scenario.	Luca Crociani
Social Media Content Analysis in the Higher Education Sector: From Content to Strategy.	Luciana Oliveira
Social Media, Disaster Studies, and Human Communication.	Lucy Resnyansky
Social Modeling and Simulation for National Security.	Lucy Resnyansky
Social Modeling as an Interdisciplinary Research Practice.	Lucy Resnyansky
Social Networks and Collective Intelligence: A Return to the Agora.	Luca Biselli
Social Question Answering: Textual, User, and Network Features for Best Answer Prediction.	Luca Maria Aiello
Social Ties and Emotions: Evidence from Social Media.	Luciano Gallegos
Social media in higher education - Edited by Monica Patrut and Bogdan Patrut.	Lucy R. Betts
Social perspectives: posing for posterity.	Luc Pauwels
Social security administration's computer equipment procurement: Report by the comptroller general of the USA.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Social security administration's progress in modernizing its computer operations.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Social things: Now we can.	Luca Ferrari
Social things: Now we can.	Gian Luca Galliani
Social-oriented engineering of intelligent software.	Luca Spalazzi
Socially augmented argumentation tools: Rationale, design and evaluation of a debate dashboard.	Luca Iandoli
Societal vulnerability to computer system failures.	Lucy M. Moran
Socio-cognitive gamification: general framework for educational games.	Luca Szegletes
Socio-technical awareness to support recommendation and efficient delivery of IMS-enabled mobile services.	Luca Foschini
Sofa-TV: The New Digital Landscape.	Luca Turba
Soft Real-Time Scheduling Approaches in Embedded Control Systems.	Luca Greco 0004
Soft computing approach for modeling power plant with a once-through boiler.	Caro Lucas
Soft data issues in fusion of video surveillance.	Gian Luca Foresti
Soft real-time scheduling for embedded control systems.	Luca Greco 0004
Soft, Comfortable Polymer Dry Electrodes for High Quality ECG and EEG Recording.	Luc Vanderheyden
Soft-Stop Optimal Trajectory Control for Improved Performance of the Series-Resonant Multiinverter for Domestic Induction Heating Applications.	Oscar Lucía
Soft-errors induced by terrestrial neutrons and natural alpha-particle emitters in advanced memory circuits at ground level.	Jean-Luc Autran
Soft-link hypertext for information retrieval.	Michael Luck
Software Architecture for Processing Clusters Based on I2O.	Luciano Orsini
Software Defined Radio Implementation of CloudRAN GSM Emergency Service.	Luca Simone Ronga
Software Development for High-Performance, Reconfigurable, Embedded Multimedia Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
Software Engineering Ethics in a Digital World.	Richard Lucas
Software Engineering for Large-Scale Multi-Agent Systems - SELMAS 2005: workshop report.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software Engineering for Multi-Agent Systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software Process Representation and Analysis for Framework Instantiation.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software Systems for Computer Graphics.	Anthony P. Lucido
Software and Hardware Techniques for SEU Detection in IP Processors.	Luca Sterpone
Software attacks on smart cards.	Jean-Luc Giraud
Software engineering as the design theoretic transformation of software problems.	Lucia Rapanotti
Software engineering for large-scale multi-agent systems - SELMAS 2004: workshop report.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software engineering for large-scale multi-agent systems - SELMAS 2006: workshop report.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software engineering for large-scale multi-agent systems - SELMAS'05.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software engineering for large-scale multi-agent systems: SELMAS 2003: workshop report.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Software engineering meets scientific computing: group projects in CSE education.	Ioan Lucian Muntean
Software for analysing multifocal visual evoked potential signal latency progression.	Luciano Boquete
Software methodologies in VHDL code analysis.	Luciano Baresi
Software reuse: The Brazilian industry scenario.	Daniel Lucrédio
Software tools for FMS and FAS preliminary design: an industrial case study.	Adriano de Luca
Software-Defined Mobility Management: Architecture Proposal and Future Directions.	Luca Cominardi
Software-controlled processor speed setting for low-power streamingmultimedia.	Luca Benini
Soil erodibility estimation using LUCAS point survey data of Europe.	Luca Montanarella
Soil organic carbon content indicators and web mapping applications.	Luca Montanarella
Soil-less indoor-grown lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.): Approaching the modelling task.	Luca Incrocci
Solution Approaches for the Stochastic Capacitated Traveling Salesmen Location Problem with Recourse.	Luca Bertazzi
Solution conformation by NMR and molecular modeling of three sulfide-free somatostatin octapeptide analogs compared to angiopeptin.	Jean-Luc Fauchère
Solution of some conjectures about topological properties of linear cellular automata.	Luciano Margara
Solution of the Systems Associated with Invariant Tori Approximation. II: Multigrid Methods.	Luca Dieci
Solutions diversification in a column generation algorithm.	Lucas Létocart
Solving Composed First-Order Constraints from Discrete-Time Robust Control	Luc Jaulin
Solving Dirichlet's problem in a rectangle for separate variable coefficient elliptic equations.	Lucas Jódar
Solving Electrical Distribution Problems Using Hybrid Evolutionary Data Analysis Techniques.	Luciano Sánchez
Solving Hankel Systems over the Integers.	Luca Gemignani
Solving Non-Linear Constraint Satisfaction Problems Involving Time-Dependant Functions.	Luc Jaulin
Solving Nonstationary Classification Problems With Coupled Support Vector Machines.	Lucas C. Uzal
Solving ODEs arising from non-selfadjoint Hamiltonian eigenproblems.	Lucas Jódar
Solving Riccati time-dependent models with random quadratic coefficients.	Lucas Jódar
Solving an analytic dynamic Leontief model with time dependent capital matrix.	Lucas Jódar
Solving anisotropic elliptic and parabolic equations by a meshless method: simulation of the electrical conductivity of a tissue.	María Lucía Gavete
Solving disjunctive temporal problems with preferences using maximum satisfiability.	Luca Pulina
Solving distillation problems by terrain methods.	Angelo Lucia
Solving dynamical inverse problems by means of Metabolic P systems.	Luca Marchetti
Solving games via three-valued abstraction refinement.	Luca de Alfaro
Solving graph data issues using a layered architecture approach with applications to web spam detection.	Lucia Di Noi
Solving initial and two-point boundary value linear random differential equations: A mean square approach.	Lucas Jódar
Solving partial integro-differential option pricing problems for a wide class of infinite activity Lévy processes.	Lucas Jódar
Solving quadratic matrix equations and factoring polynomials: new fixed point iterations based on Schur complements of Toeplitz matrices.	Luca Gemignani
Solving random mixed heat problems: A random integral transform approach.	Lucas Jódar
Solving set-valued constraint satisfaction problems.	Luc Jaulin
Solving the Physical Traveling Salesman Problem: Tree Search and Macro Actions.	Simon M. Lucas
Solving the Trust-Region Subproblem using the Lanczos Method.	Stefano Lucidi
Solving the electricity production planning problem by a column generation based heuristic.	Lucas Létocart
Solving the random Legendre differential equation: Mean square power series solution and its statistical functions.	Lucas Jódar
Solving the symbol grounding problem: a critical review of fifteen years of research.	Luciano Floridi
Somato-motor inhibitory processing in humans: An event-related functional MRI study.	Gian Luca Romani
Some Anomalies of Farsighted Strategic Behavior.	Luca Moscardelli
Some Applications of Coding Theory in Computational Complexity	Luca Trevisan
Some Applications of Coding Theory in Computational Complexity	Luca Trevisan
Some Characterizations of Sturmian Words in Terms of the Lexicographic Order.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Some Characterizations of Sturmian Words in Terms of the Lexicographic Order.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Some Combinatorial Properties of Sturmian Words.	Aldo de Luca
Some Combinatorial Properties of the Thue-Morse Sequence and a Problem in Semigroups.	Aldo de Luca
Some Combinatorics Related to Central Binomial Coefficients: Grand-Dyck Paths, Coloured Noncrossing Partitions and Signed Pattern Avoiding Permutations.	Luca Ferrari
Some Comments on Building Heaps in Parallel.	Carlo Luchetti
Some Criteria for Partial Sheffer Functions in k-valued Logic.	Lucien Haddad
Some General Incompleteness Results for Partial Correctness Logics	Francisca Lucio-Carrasco
Some Methods of Replacing the Nearest Neighbor Method.	Maciej Luczak
Some New 2-Resolvable Steiner Quadruple Systems.	Luc Teirlinck
Some Observations on Indifferentiability.	Stefan Lucks
Some Recent Results on Contextual Languages.	Lucian Ilie
Some Stability Aspects of Schemes for the Adaptive Integration of Siff Initial Value Problems.	Luca Dieci
Some applications arising from the interactions between the theory of Catalan-like numbers and the ECO method.	Luca Ferrari
Some aspects of the recognition of convex polyhedra from two plane projections - II.	Fabrizio Luccio
Some aspects of the recognition of convex polyhedra from two plane projections. I.	Fabrizio Luccio
Some basic problems in inventory theory: The financial perspective.	Elisa Luciano
Some bijective results about the area of Schröder paths.	Luca Ferrari
Some characterizations of Sturmian words in terms of the lexicographic order	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Some characterizations of Sturmian words in terms of the lexicographic order	Luca Q. Zamboni
Some characterizations of finite Sturmian words.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Some characterizations of finite Sturmian words.	Aldo de Luca
Some combinatorial results on Bernoulli sets and codes.	Aldo de Luca
Some decompositions of Bernoulli sets and codes.	Aldo de Luca
Some early developments in programming synthetic strategies.	Joseph Luchini
Some extremal Properties of the Fibonacci Word.	Aldo de Luca
Some extremal properties of the Fibonacci word	Aldo de Luca
Some issues on complex networks for author characterization.	Lucas Antiqueira
Some like it hot - visual guidance for preference prediction.	Luc J. Van Gool
Some new stability conditions for two-dimensional difference systems.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Some of My Favourite Results in Classic Process Algebra.	Luca Aceto
Some properties of solutions of some semilinear elliptic singular problems and applications to the G-convergence.	Lucio Boccardo
Some properties of the GHC equation of state.	Angelo Lucia
Some relations between Minty variational-like inequality problems and vectorial optimization problems in Banach spaces.	Lucelina Batista dos Santos
Some relations between variational-like inequalities and efficient solutions of certain nonsmooth optimization problems.	Lucelina Batista dos Santos
Some relations between variational-like inequality problems and vectorial optimization problems in Banach spaces.	Lucelina Batista dos Santos
Some relationships between fuzzy and random set-based classifiers and models.	Luciano Sánchez
Some results of error evaluation for a non-Gaussian simulation method.	Jean-Luc Akian
Some results on caps and codes related to orthogonal Grassmannians - a preview.	Luca Giuzzi
Some terms of reference in data fusion.	Lucien Wald
Some uniqueness and existence results for the initial-boundary-value problems for the generalized time-fractional diffusion equation.	Yury F. Luchko
Sometimes Divides σk(): 11090.	Florian Luca
Sophisticated security verification on routing repaired balanced cell-based dual-rail logic against side channel analysis.	Jean-Luc Danger
Sorted pulse data (SPD) library - Part II: A processing framework for LiDAR data from pulsed laser systems in terrestrial environments.	Richard M. Lucas
Sorted pulse data (SPD) library. Part I: A generic file format for LiDAR data from pulsed laser systems in terrestrial environments.	Richard M. Lucas
Sorting and Routing on OTIS-Mesh of Trees.	Keny T. Lucas
Sorting and election in anonymous asynchronous rings.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Sorting multi-attribute alternatives: The TOMASO method.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Sorting the Sums (xi+yj) in O(n2) Comparisons.	Jean-Luc Lambert
Sound Source and Microphone Localization From Acoustic Impulse Responses.	Gian Luca Foresti
Sound Synthesis and Evaluation of Interactive Footsteps and Environmental Sounds Rendering for Virtual Reality Applications.	Luca Turchet
Sound analysis in dairy cattle vocalisation as a potential welfare monitor.	Lucas P. J. J. Noldus
Sound and Automated Synthesis of Digital Stabilizing Controllers for Continuous Plants.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Source identification for mobile devices, based on wavelet transforms combined with sensor imperfections.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Sources of variability in the set-up of an indoor GPS.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
SpEED: fast computation of sensitive spaced seeds.	Lucian Ilie
Space Vector Modulation for Multiphase Inverters Based on a Space Partitioning Algorithm.	Luca Zarri
Space and Time Adaptive Non-blocking Algorithms.	Victor Luchangco
Space-and-Time Efficient Parallel Garbage Collector for Data-Intensive Applications.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Space-efficient representation of truncated suffix trees, with applications to Markov order estimation.	Luciana Vitale
Space-learning tracking control for permanent magnet step motors.	Luca Consolini
Space-time block coding for single-carrier block transmission DS-CDMA downlink.	Luc Deneire
Space-time semiclassical measures for three-dimensional elastodynamics: Boundary conditions for the hyperbolic set.	Jean-Luc Akian
Sparse Anti-Ramsey Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Sparse Solution of Underdetermined Systems of Linear Equations by Stagewise Orthogonal Matching Pursuit.	Jean-Luc Starck
Sparse and Non-Negative BSS for Noisy Data.	Jean-Luc Starck
Sparse and Non-Negative BSS for Noisy Data.	Jean-Luc Starck
Sparse approximate inverse preconditioning for dense linear systems arising in computational electromagnetics.	Luc Giraud
Sparse approximation based resource allocation in DMT transmitters with per-tone pulse shaping.	Luc Deneire
Sparse approximation based resource allocation in DSL/DMT transceivers with per-tone equalization.	Luc Deneire
Sparse pattern selection strategies for robust Frobenius-norm minimization preconditioners in electromagnetism.	Luc Giraud
Sparse quadratic programming in chemical process optimization.	A. Lucia
Sparse symmetric preconditioners for dense linear systems in electromagnetism.	Luc Giraud
Sparsity and Adaptivity for the Blind Separation of Partially Correlated Sources.	Jean-Luc Starck
Sparsity and Morphological Diversity in Blind Source Separation.	Jean-Luc Starck
Sparsity and adaptivity for the blind separation of partially correlated sources.	Jean-Luc Starck
Spatial Bloom Filters: Enabling Privacy in Location-aware Applications.	Luca Calderoni
Spatial Memoization: Concurrent Instruction Reuse to Correct Timing Errors in SIMD Architectures.	Luca Benini
Spatial Methods for Multispectral Pansharpening: Multiresolution Analysis Demystified.	Luciano Alparone
Spatial Neural Networks and their Functional Samples: Similarities and Differences.	Lucas Antiqueira
Spatial P systems.	Luca Tesei
Spatial Presence and Perceived Reality as Predictors of Motion-Based Video Game Enjoyment.	Lucy Popova
Spatial and behavioral types in the pi-calculus.	Lucia Acciai
Spatial aspects of MRSA epidemiology: a case study using stochastic simulation, kernel estimation and SaTScan.	Lucy Bastin
Spatial contours for vision and CAD model matching.	Yves Lucas
Spatial econometrics in an age of CyberGIScience.	Luc Anselin
Spatial filter decomposition for interference mitigation.	Luc Fety
Spatial interpolation of McArthur's Forest Fire Danger Index across Australia: Observational study.	C. Lucas
Spatial navigation in large-scale virtual environments: Gender differences in survey tasks.	Luca Latini Corazzini
Spatial pattern recognition of seismic events in South West Colombia.	Olga Lucía Baquero
Spatial reference in the Semantic Web and in Robotics (Dagstuhl Seminar 14142).	Luc Steels
Spatial representation of economic and financial measures used in agriculture via wavelet analysis.	Jean-Luc Starck
Spatial-Temporal Model for Emotion Interpretation.	Lucio C. Vázquez S.
Spatially Clustered Associations in Health Related Geospatial Data.	Lucy Bastin
Spatially Distributed Naming Games.	Luc Steels
Spatio-Temporal Data Handling with Constraints.	Luc Segoufin
Spatio-Temporal Techniques for User Identification by means of GPS Mobility Data.	Luca Rossi 0004
Spatio-temporal Brain Dynamics Mediating Post-error Behavioral Adjustments.	Lucas Spierer
Spatio-temporal crowd density model in a human detection and tracking framework.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Spatio-temporal scalability for MPEG video coding.	Adam Luczak
Spatiotemporal Clutter Filtering of Ultrafast Ultrasound Data Highly Increases Doppler and fUltrasound Sensitivity.	Jean-Luc Gennisson
Spatiotemporal SIMT and Scalarization for Improving GPU Efficiency.	Jan Lucas
Spatiotemporal brain mapping during preparation, perception, and action.	Giuliana Lucci
Speaker Recognition With Session Variability Normalization Based on MLLR Adaptation Transforms.	Luciana Ferrer
Speaker verification over the telephone.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Speaker-independent continuous speech dictation.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Spearman Permutation Distances and Shannon's Distinguishability.	Luca Bortolussi
Special Factors and Uniqueness Conditions in Rational Trees.	Aldo de Luca
Special Factors, Periodicity, and an Application to Sturmian Words.	Aldo de Luca
Special Features: Presentation of the 2008 Morris F. Collen Award to Robert A. Greenes.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Special Issue on "Performance Evaluation of Wireless Ad Hoc, Sensor and Ubiquitous Networks".	Luciano Bononi
Special Issue on Argentine Symposium on Artificial Intelligence (ASAI 2013).	Luciana Benotti
Special Issue on Circuits and Systems Solutions for Nanoscale CMOS Design Challenges.	Lucien J. Breems
Special Issue on Data-Flow Computing: Guest Editors' Introduction.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Special Issue on DataFlow and Multithreaded Architectures - Guest Editors' Introduction.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Special Issue on Interactive Persuasive Systems.	Luca Chittaro
Special Issue on Interactive Persuasive Systems.	Luciano Gamberini
Special Issue on MC-SS A low complex receiver with interference cancellation for power-controlled MC-CDMA downlink transmissions.	Luca Sanguinetti
Special Issue on Natural and Artificial Real-Time Imaging and Vision.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Special Issue on: 'Resources and mobility management in wireless networks'.	Luciano Bononi
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2007.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2008.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2009.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2010.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2011.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2012.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Euro-Par 2014.	Luc Bougé
Special Issue: Imaging In Bioinformatics.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Special Issue: Prague Stochastics 2010.	Lucie Fajfrová
Special Issue: Representing functionality in design.	Luciënne Blessing
Special Issue: The First Provenance Challenge.	Luc Moreau
Special Issue: The First Provenance Challenge.	Luciano A. Digiampietri
Special Section on Virtual Reality in Brazil.	Luciano P. Soares
Special Section on Wireless networking.	Luciano Lenzini
Special Section on the Fifty-First Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS 2010).	Luca Trevisan
Special Section: Information Technology and Organization Design.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Special Section: The third provenance challenge on using the open provenance model for interoperability.	Luc Moreau
Special issue introduction - From region to countries: engineering education in bahrain, egypt, and turkey.	Juan C. Lucena
Special issue of Supercomputing Journal on secure, manageable and controllable grid services.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Special issue of Synthese on Bayesian Epistemology.	Luc Bovens
Special issue on "Mobility Management and Wireless Access".	Luciano Bononi
Special issue on "Pervasive Education".	Ulrike Lucke
Special issue on "quality of service and security in wireless and mobile networks".	Luciano Bononi
Special issue on 3D acquisition technology for cultural heritage.	Luc J. Van Gool
Special issue on 3D representation for object and scene recognition.	Luc J. Van Gool
Special issue on Bayesian econometrics.	Luc Bauwens
Special issue on Graph-Based Representations in Computer Vision.	Luc Brun
Special issue on PGM'04: Second European workshop on probabilistic graphical models 2004.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Special issue on applications and advances in problem frames.	Lucia Rapanotti
Special issue on car navigation and vehicle systems.	Luc J. Van Gool
Special issue on inferential strategies for environmental surveys.	Lucio Barabesi
Special issue on non-linear and non-conventional speech processing.	Jean-Luc Zarader
Special issue on security and high performance computing systems.	Luca Spalazzi
Special issue on security and high performance computing systems.	Luca Viganò 0001
Special issue on ubiquitous mobile information and collaboration systems (UMICS).	Luciano Baresi
Special issue: Euro-Par 2013.	Luc Bougé
Special issue: Euro-Par 2015.	Luc Bougé
Special issue: selected papers from the 12th International Symposium on Web Systems Evolution (WSE 2010).	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Special online issue focusing on patients and caregivers.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Special section on advances and applications of problem orientation.	Lucia Rapanotti
Special section on virtual reality in Brazil 2011.	Luciano P. Soares
Special section on wireless network behaviour and design.	Luciano Bononi
Special section: Numerical methods for structured systems.	Luciano Lopez
Specialization of Functional Logic Programs Based on Needed Narrowing	Salvador Lucas
Specialization of functional logic programs based on needed narrowing.	Salvador Lucas
Specializations and Generalizations of the Stackelberg Minimum Spanning Tree Game.	Luciano Gualà
Specializations and generalizations of the Stackelberg minimum spanning tree game.	Luciano Gualà
Specification Preservation in Schema Transformations - Application to Semantics and Statistics.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Specification and Analysis of System Architecture Using Rapide.	David C. Luckham
Speckle reduction in medical ultrasound images using an unbiased non-local means method.	Luca Saba
Speckle removal from SAR images in the undecimated wavelet domain.	Luciano Alparone
Spectral Distortion in Lossy Compression of Hyperspectral Data.	Luciano Alparone
Spectral and complexity analysis of scalp EEG characteristics for mild cognitive impairment and early Alzheimer's disease.	Lucas S. Broster
Spectral properties and conservation laws in Mimetic Finite Difference methods for PDEs.	Luciano Lopez
Spectral recycling strategies for the solution of nonlinear eigenproblems in thermoacoustics.	Luc Giraud
Spectral-correlation based methods for multipath-channel identification.	Luciano Izzo
Spectroscopic OCT by Grating-Based Temporal Correlation Coupled to Optical Spectral Analysis.	Luc Froehly
Spectroscopic OCT by Grating-Based Temporal Correlation Coupled to Optical Spectral Analysis.	Luca Furfaro
Spectrum fragmentation issue in flexible optical networks: analysis and good practices.	Jean-Luc Auge
Speculative Parallel Pattern Matching.	Daniel Luchaup
Speculative pre-execution assisted by compiler (SPEAR).	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Speech Acts and Voices: Response to Winograd et al.	Lucy A. Suchman
Speech and face-to-face communication - An introduction.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Speech earthquakes: scaling and universality in human voice.	Lucas Lacasa
Speech perception, word recognition and the structure of the lexicon.	Paul A. Luce
Speech to sign language translation system for Spanish.	Juan Manuel Lucas
Speech-To-Text Conversion in French.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Speech-induced suppression of evoked auditory fields in children who stutter.	Luc F. De Nil
Speed Control of a Multiphase Active Way Linear Motor Based on Back EMF Estimation.	Luca Rigazzi
Speed, International Security, and "New War" Coverage in Cyberspace.	Lucas Walsh
Speed-scaling with no Preemptions.	Giorgio Lucarelli
Speeded-Up Robust Features (SURF).	Luc J. Van Gool
Speeding Up Dynamic Shortest-Path Algorithms.	Luciana S. Buriol
Speeding-up heuristic allocation, scheduling and binding with SAT-based abstraction/refinement techniques.	Luciano Lavagno
Spike Detection for Large Neural Populations Using High Density Multielectrode Arrays.	Luca Berdondini
Spin-Based Quantum Information Processing in Magnetic Quantum Dots.	Lucjan Jacak
Spin: A 3D interface for cooperative work.	Marie-Luce Viaud
Splicing Systems from Past to Future: Old and New Challenges.	Luc Boasson
Splicing Upper-Body Actions with Locomotion.	Lucas Kovar
Splicing systems and the Chomsky hierarchy	Luc Boasson
Splicing systems and the Chomsky hierarchy.	Luc Boasson
Split Sequence Hash Search.	Fabrizio Luccio
Split-2 Bisimilarity has a Finite Axiomatization over CCS with Hennessy's Merge	Luca Aceto
Split-2 bisimilarity has a finite axiomatization over CCS with Hennessy's merge.	Luca Aceto
SplitBox: Toward Efficient Private Network Function Virtualization.	Luca Melis
Splitting parameter yield (SPY): A program for semiautomatic analysis of shear-wave splitting.	Lucia Zaccarelli
Spoc: GPGPU Programming through Stream Processing with OCaml.	Jean Luc Lamotte
Spoken Document Summarization Based on Dynamic Time Warping and Wavelets.	Lucimar Sasso Vieira
Spoken Spanish generation from sign language.	Juan Manuel Lucas
Spoken language and multimodal applications for electronic realities.	Luc Julia
Spotlights on Network Operations and Management Research in Latin America - A Report on LANOMS 2005.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Spreadsheet Analysis and Design.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Spring Level Sets: A Deformable Model Representation to Provide Interoperability between Meshes and Level Sets.	Blake C. Lucas
Sprite-based generation of side information for multi-view Distributed Video Coding.	Lucian Ciobanu
Spurious routes in public BGP data.	Matthew J. Luckie
Spying on Spammers: Tracking Like Farm Accounts on Facebook.	Lucky Onwuzurike
Square-Free Words on Partially Commutative Free Monoids.	Aldo de Luca
Squares in a certain sequence related to L-functions of elliptic curves.	Florian Luca
Squarish k-d Trees.	Luc Devroye
Squeezing the Most Out of ATM.	David M. Lucantoni
Squeezing the most out of ATM.	David M. Lucantoni
Stability Switches and Bifurcation Analysis of a Time Delay Model for the Diffusion of a New Technology.	Luca Guerrini
Stability Switches and Bifurcation Analysis of a Time Delay Model for the Diffusion of a New Technology.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
Stability analysis and design of a class of MIMO fuzzy control systems.	Marius-Lucian Tomescu
Stability analysis of explicit entropy viscosity methods for non-linear scalar conservation equations.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Stability analysis of the GAL regulatory network in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Kluyveromyces lactis.	Lucy Y. Pao
Stability analysis of thermo-acoustic nonlinear eigenproblems in annular combustors. Part I. Sensitivity.	Luca Magri
Stability analysis of thermo-acoustic nonlinear eigenproblems in annular combustors. Part II. Uncertainty quantification.	Luca Magri
Stability and Performance for Saturated Systems via Quadratic and Nonquadratic Lyapunov Functions.	Luca Zaccarian
Stability and Performance of SISO Control Systems With First-Order Reset Elements.	Luca Zaccarian
Stability of Nearly Integrable, Degenerate Hamiltonian Systems with Two Degrees of Freedom.	Luca Biasco
Stability of Reciprocal-Spacing Type Car Following Models.	Lucien Duckstein
Stability of Vertices in Random Boolean Cellular Automata.	Tomasz Luczak
Stability of linear predictors and numerical range of shift operators in normed spaces.	Luc Knockaert
Stability of multiagent systems with time-dependent communication links.	Luc Moreau
Stability of the discretization of the electron avalanche phenomenon.	Luca Barbieri
Stability properties of reset systems.	Luca Zaccarian
Stabilization of Rössler chaotic dynamical system using fuzzy logic control algorithm.	Marius-Lucian Tomescu
Stabilization of a Hierarchical Formation of Unicycle Robots with Velocity and Curvature Constraints.	Luca Consolini
Stabilized Finite Element Formulation with Domain Decomposition for Incompressible Flows.	Robert Luce
Stabilizing Consensus with Many Opinions.	Luca Becchetti
Stabilizing Consensus with Many Opinions.	Luca Trevisan
Stabilizing the fast Kalman algorithms.	Jean-Luc botto
Stable Coupling of Nonconforming, High-Order Finite Difference Methods.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Stable FFT-JVIE solvers for fast analysis of highly inhomogeneous dielectric objects.	Luca Daniel
Stable Real-Time 3D Tracking Using Online and Offline Information.	Luca Vacchetti
Stable Reduced Models for Nonlinear Descriptor Systems Through Piecewise-Linear Approximation and Projection.	Luca Daniel
Stable and convergent iterative feedback tuning of fuzzy controllers for discrete-time SISO systems.	Marius-Lucian Tomescu
Stable fuzzy logic control of a general class of chaotic systems.	Marius-Lucian Tomescu
Stable numerical solution of strongly coupled mixed diffusion problems.	Lucas Jódar
Stable web spam detection using features based on lexical items.	Marcin Luckner
Stackelberg Strategies for Network Design Games.	Luca Moscardelli
Stage- and scenario-wise Fenchel decomposition for stochastic mixed 0-1 programs with special structure.	Luca Corolli
Stakeholder's analysis in e-learning software process development.	Luciana C. Ballejos
Stand der Faktorisierungsforschung.	Stefan Lucks
Standard Sturmian Morphisms.	Aldo de Luca
Standard factors of Sturmian words.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Standardization of seismic tomographic models and earthquake focal mechanisms data sets based on web technologies, visualization with keyhole markup language.	Luca Postpischl
Standardized evaluation framework for evaluating coronary artery stenosis detection, stenosis quantification and lumen segmentation algorithms in computed tomography angiography.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Standardized versus customized portfolio: a compensating variation approach.	Jean-Luc Prigent
Standardmäßige Wave-LAN Unsicherheit.	Stefan Lucks
Staple: Complementary Learners for Real-Time Tracking.	Luca Bertinetto
Star-Free Sets of Integers.	Aldo de Luca
Starling Flock Networks Manage Uncertainty in Consensus at Low Cost.	Luca Scardovi
Starting Small - Learning with Adaptive Sample Sizes.	Aurélien Lucchi
Startup of a distillation column using intelligent control techniques.	Lucia V. R. Arruda
State of the art in reliability of thermal-hydraulic passive systems.	Luciano Burgazzi
State space reduction based on live variables analysis.	Lucian Ghirvu
State steering by learning for a class of nonlinear control systems.	Pasquale Lucibello
State-of-the-Art Review: A User's Guide to the Brave New World of Designing Simulation Experiments.	Thomas W. Lucas
Stateful component-based performance models.	Lucia Happe
Static analysis of XML processing with data values.	Luc Segoufin
Static analysis of active XML systems.	Luc Segoufin
Static and Dynamic Configurable Systems.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Statics and dynamics of selfish interactions in distributed service systems.	Luca Dall'Asta
Statistical Agent Based Modelization of the Phenomenon of Drug Abuse	Luciano Pietronero
Statistical Analysis of Multipath Clustering in an Indoor Office Environment.	Luc Martens
Statistical Estimation of Statistical Mechanical Models: Helix-Coil Theory and Peptide Helicity Prediction.	Joseph E. Lucas
Statistical Learning Theory and ELM for Big Social Data Analysis.	Luca Oneto
Statistical Mechanics Characterization of Neuronal Mosaics	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Statistical Meta-Analysis of Presentation Attacks for Secure Multibiometric Systems.	Gian Luca Marcialis
Statistical Mutation Calling from Sequenced Overlapping DNA Pools in TILLING Experiments.	Luca Comai
Statistical RTS model for digital circuits.	Lucas Brusamarello
Statistical analysis of PET images.	Giuseppe Lucio Cascini
Statistical analysis of the Hirsch Index	Luca Pratelli
Statistical analysis of the Hirsch Index	Lucio Barabesi
Statistical aspects of the degradation of LDD nMOSFETs.	Luc De Schepper
Statistical atlas based exudate segmentation.	Luca Giancardo
Statistical inference for the generalized inverted exponential distribution based on upper record values.	Daniel J. Luckett
Statistical inference on the h-index with an application to top-scientist performance	Lucio Barabesi
Statistical inference on the h-index with an application to top-scientist performance	Luca Pratelli
Statistical inference on the h-index with an application to top-scientist performance.	Lucio Barabesi
Statistical inference on the h-index with an application to top-scientist performance.	Luca Pratelli
Statistical learning formulation of the DNA base-calling problem and its solution in a Bayesian EM framework.	Lucio Andrade
Statistical mechanical simulation of polymeric DNA melting with MELTSIM.	J. SantaLucia Jr.
Statistical morphology and Bayesian reconstruction.	Luc Vincent
Statistical properties of coded interlaced and progressive image sequences.	Luc Vandendorpe
Statistics of the MLE and Approximate Upper and Lower Bounds - Part 2: Threshold Computation and Optimal Signal Design.	Luc Vandendorpe
Statistics-preserving bijections between classical and cyclic permutations.	Jean-Luc Baril
Stator Current and Motor Efficiency as Indicators for Different Types of Bearing Faults in Induction Motors.	Lucia Frosini
Status Report of the DPHEP Collaboration: A Global Effort for Sustainable Data Preservation in High Energy Physics.	Jesus Marco de Lucas
Staying Connected: Computer-Mediated and Face-to-Face Communication in College Students' Dating Relationships.	Lucia F. O'Sullivan
Steering a class of redundant mechanisms through end-effector generalized forces.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Stefan Problem through Extended Finite Elements: Review and Further Investigations.	Luca Salvatori
Steganography in 3D Geometries and Images by Adjacent Bin Mapping.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Steganography in Modern Smartphones and Mitigation Techniques.	Luca Caviglione
Steganography in Modern Smartphones and Mitigation Techniques.	Luca Caviglione
Stented artery biomechanics and device design optimization.	Lucas H. Timmins
Stepping motor driving by controlled-energy discharge.	Luciano E. Chiang
Stepping-Motor-Driven Constant-Shear-Rate Rotating Viscometer.	Samuel Euzédice de Lucena
Steps towards a digital health ecosystem.	Luca-Dan Serbanati
Stereo rectification of uncalibrated and heterogeneous images.	Gian Luca Foresti
Stereoscopic Visualization and 3-D Technologies in Medical Endoscopic Teleoperation.	Lucio Tommaso De Paolis
Sticky Splines: Definition and Manipulation of Spline Structures with Maintained Topological Relations.	Marie-Luce Viaud
Sticky hidden Markov modeling of comparative genomic hybridization.	Joseph E. Lucas
Still-image watermarking robust to local geometric distortions.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Stochastic Analysis of Chemical Reaction Networks Using Linear Noise Approximation.	Luca Laurenti
Stochastic Analysis of Chemical Reaction Networks Using Linear Noise Approximation.	Luca Cardelli
Stochastic Analysis of Convergence via Dynamic Representation for a Class of Line-search Algorithms.	Luc Pronzato
Stochastic Arithmetic: s-spaces and Some Applications.	Jean Luc Lamotte
Stochastic Concurrent Constraint Programming and Differential Equations.	Luca Bortolussi
Stochastic Concurrent Constraint Programming.	Luca Bortolussi
Stochastic HYPE: Flow-based modelling of stochastic hybrid systems.	Luca Bortolussi
Stochastic Meta-Descent for Tracking Articulated Structures.	Luc Van Gool
Stochastic Optimization of Service Provision with Selfish Users.	Luca Dall'Asta
Stochastic Performance Analysis of Global Software Development Teams.	Lucelene Lopes
Stochastic Query Covering for Fast Approximate Document Retrieval.	Luca Becchetti
Stochastic Testing Method for Transistor-Level Uncertainty Quantification Based on Generalized Polynomial Chaos.	Luca Daniel
Stochastic Testing Method for Transistor-Level Uncertainty Quantification Based on Generalized Polynomial Chaos.	Luca Daniel
Stochastic Testing Simulator for Integrated Circuits and MEMS: Hierarchical and Sparse Techniques.	Luca Daniel
Stochastic allocation and scheduling for conditional task graphs in multi-processor systems-on-chip.	Luca Benini
Stochastic differential equations with variable structure driven by multiplicative Gaussian noise and sliding mode dynamic.	Luciano Tubaro
Stochastic equilibrium assignment with variable demand: Theoretical and implementation issues.	Stefano de Luca
Stochastic fluctuations and the detectability limit of network communities.	Lucio Floretta
Stochastic hybrid automaton model of a multi-state system with aging: Reliability assessment and design consequences.	Lucio Compagno
Stochastic local search for large-scale instances of the haplotype inference problem by pure parsimony.	Luca Di Gaspero
Stochastic modelling of genotypic drug-resistance for human immunodeficiency virus towards long-term combination therapy optimization.	Andrea De Luca
Stochastic neutral modelling of the Gut Microbiota's relative species abundance from next generation sequencing data.	Luciano Milanesi
Stochastic relational processes: Efficient inference and applications.	Luc De Raedt
Stochastic shortest paths with recourse.	Luciano Romeo
Stochastic viability and dynamic programming.	Luc Doyen
Stock valuation along a Markov chain.	Luca Luigi Ghezzi
Stopped Object Detection by Learning Foreground Model in Videos.	Lucia Maddalena
Storage for Consecutive Retrieval.	Fabrizio Luccio
Storia e multimedia. Atti del Settimo Congresso Internazionale/ Proceedings of the Seventh International Congress Association for History & Computing, Bologna 1992, a cura di/edited by Francesca Bocchi & Peter Denley. Bologna: Grafis Edizioni, 1994. pp. xix + 861. ISBN 88-8081-000-6 (pb), Lit. 70.000 (£28.00).	Luciano Floridi
Stories and Decision Making. Supporting collective action after a major organisational change.	Lucia Garcia-Lorenzo
Strand algebras for DNA computing.	Luca Cardelli
Strategic Control of Proximity Relationships in Heterogeneous Search and Rescue Teams.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Strategic Decompositions of Normal Form Games: Zero-sum Games and Potential Games.	Luc Rey-Bellet
Strategic delegation under cost asymmetry.	Luca Lambertini
Strategic sophistication and attention in games: An eye-tracking study.	Luca Polonio
Strategien und Werkzeuge zur Erstellung multimedialer Lehr- und Lernmaterialien auf Basis von XML.	Ulrike Lucke
Strategies for designing energy-efficient clusters-based WSN topologies.	Lucas Moreira Guedes
Strategies for fast convergence in semiotic dynamics	Luca Dall'Asta
Strategies for lexical access to very large vocabularies.	Luciano Fissore
Strategies for multiobjective genetic algorithm development: Application to optimal batch plant design in process systems engineering.	Luc Pibouleau
Strategies in Programming Languages Today.	Salvador Lucas
Strategizing across boundaries: revisiting knowledge brokering activities in French innovation clusters.	Luciana Castro
Strategy Improvement for Concurrent Reachability and Safety Games	Luca de Alfaro
Strategy Improvement for Concurrent Safety Games	Luca de Alfaro
Strategy Trumps Money: Recruiting Undergraduate Women into Computing.	Lucy Sanders
Strategy improvement for concurrent reachability and turn-based stochastic safety games.	Luca de Alfaro
Strategy-Based Proof Calculus for Membrane Systems.	Dorel Lucanu
Strategy-Based Rewrite Semantics for Membrane Systems Preserves Maximal Concurrency of Evolution Rule Actions.	Dorel Lucanu
Stratification and sample size of data sources for agricultural mathematical programming models.	Lucinio Judez
Stratified Self-Calibration with the Modulus Constraint.	Luc J. Van Gool
Streaming Communication Protocols.	Lucas Boczkowski
Streaming Communication Protocols.	Lucas Boczkowski
Streaming Data from HDD to GPUs for Sustained Peak Performance	Lucas Beyer
Streaming techniques and data aggregation in networks of tiny artefacts.	Luca Becchetti
Street-Level Geolocation From Natural Language Descriptions.	Lucian Galescu
StreptomeDB 2.0 - an extended resource of natural products produced by streptomycetes.	Xavier Lucas
StreptomeDB: a resource for natural compounds isolated from Streptomyces species.	Xavier Lucas
Stress Detection Using Physiological Sensors.	Luca Chittaro
String Matching with Weighted Errors.	Fabrizio Luccio
String Search in Coarse-Grained Parallel Computers.	Fabrizio Luccio
Strong Completeness Theorems for Weak Logics of Common Belief.	Luc Lismont
Strong Coresets for Hard and Soft Bregman Clustering with Applications to Exponential Family Mixtures.	Mario Lucic
Strong Hardness of Privacy from Weak Traitor Tracing.	Lucas Kowalczyk
Strong Hardness of Privacy from Weak Traitor Tracing.	Lucas Kowalczyk
Strong Scaling for Numerical Weather Prediction at Petascale with the Atmospheric Model NUMA.	Lucas C. Wilcox
Strong and NV-sequentiality of constructor systems.	Salvador Lucas
Strong iISS for a class of systems under saturated feedback.	Luca Greco 0004
Strong lower bounds for the prize collecting Steiner problem in graphs.	Abilio Lucena
Strong normalization from an unusual point of view.	Luca Paolini
Strong polynomiality of resource constraint propagation.	Luc Mercier
Stronger K-tree relaxations for the vehicle routing problem.	Abilio Lucena
Stronger Lower Bounds for the Quadratic Minimum Spanning Tree Problem with Adjacency Costs.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
Stronger column generation bounds for the Minimum Cost Hop-and-root Constrained Forest Problem.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
Strongly Sequential and Inductively Sequential Term Rewriting Systems.	Salvador Lucas
Structural Bistability of the GAL Regulatory Network and Characterization of its Domains of Attraction.	Luca Salerno
Structural Modeling of Protein Interactions by Analogy: Application to PSD-95.	Vladan Lucic
Structural Stability Implies Robustness to Bounded Rationality.	Luca Anderlini
Structural connectivity influences brain activation during PVSAT in Multiple Sclerosis.	Luca Roccatagliata
Structural dynamical systems in linear algebra and control: computational aspects.	Luciano Lopez
Structural investigations and modeling of cavities in clathrates.	Edwin A. C. Lucken
Structural neuroplasticity in expert pianists depends on the age of musical training onset.	Lucía Vaquero
Structural results on circular-arc graphs and circle graphs: A survey and the main open problems.	Luciano N. Grippo
Structural, dynamic, and electrostatic properties of fully hydrated DMPC bilayers from molecular dynamics simulations accelerated with graphical processing units (GPUs).	Timothy R. Lucas
Structurally-informed Bayesian functional connectivity analysis.	Luca Ambrogioni
Structure Functions and Minimal Path Sets.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Structure Handling in Data-Flow Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Structure and Dynamics: the Transition from nonequilibrium to Equilibrium in Integrate-and-Fire Dynamics.	Luciano da F. Costa
Structure and prominence in Twitter networks centered on contentious politics.	Lucas A. Overbey
Structure from Motion with Impaired Local-Speed and Global Motion-Field Computations.	Lucia M. Vaina
Structure in Approximation Classes	Luca Trevisan
Structure in Approximation Classes.	Luca Trevisan
Structure-Activity Correlation of Flavone Derivatives for Inhibition of cAMP Phosphodiesterase.	Bono Lucic
Structure-Based Pharmacophore Identification of New Chemical Scaffolds as Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors.	Laura De Luca
Structure-activity correlation study of HIV-1 inhibitors: Electronic and molecular parameters.	Luckhana Lawtrakul
Structure-based approach for identification of novel phenylboronic acids as serine-β-lactamase inhibitors.	Filomena De Luca
Structure-function relationships underlying calculation: A combined diffusion tensor imaging and fMRI study.	Lucia van Eimeren
Structure-semantics interplay in complex networks and its effects on the predictability of similarity in texts	Luciano da F. Costa
Structured Output Layer Neural Network Language Models for Speech Recognition.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Structured Sparsity: Discrete and Convex approaches.	Luca Baldassarre
Structured context-analysis techniques in biologically inspired ambient-intelligence systems.	Luca Marchesotti
Structured eigenvalue problems for rational gauss quadrature.	Luca Gemignani
Structured matrix methods for CAGD: an application to computing the resultant of polynomials in the Bernstein basis.	Luca Gemignani
Structured multi-class feature selection with an application to face recognition.	Luca Zini
Structures, factorizations, and design criteria for oversampled paraunitary filterbanks yielding linear-phase filters.	Luc Vandendorpe
Structuring Broadcast Audio for Information Access.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Structuring acyclic process models.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Structuring relations for fusion in intelligence.	Gian Luca Foresti
Structuring text and standardizing data for clinical and population health applications.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Strukturierte Lehr- und Lernmodelle für die Ausbildung im Fachgebiet Technische Informatik (Structured Educational Models for Computer Engineering).	Ulrike Lucke
Student Modeling in Orthopedic Surgery Training: Exploiting Symbiosis between Temporal Bayesian Networks and Fine-grained Didactic Analysis.	Lucile Vadcard
Students as Surrogates for Managers in a Decision-Making Environment: An Experimental Study.	Michael Lucas Gibson
Studies on the low molecular weight RNA associated with 28S ribosomal RNA from Crotalus durissus terrificus liver.	F. L. De Lucca
Study and performance of localization methods in IP based networks: Vivaldi algorithm.	Lucie Jarosova
Study of EM void nucleation and mechanic relaxation effects.	Lucile Arnaud
Study of Internet Use by Customers of a Large French Store for Computers.	Lucia Romo
Study of Senone-Based Deep Neural Network Approaches for Spoken Language Recognition.	Luciana Ferrer
Study of different approach to clustering data by using the Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm.	Dilson Lucas Pereira
Study of influence of failure modes on lifetime distribution prediction of 1.55 μm DFB Laser diodes using weak drift of monitored parameters during ageing tests.	Jean-Luc Goudard
Study of the EDM process effects on aluminium alloys.	Luca Iuliano
Studying Bluetooth Malware Propagation: The BlueBag Project.	Luca Carettoni
Studying Potential Side Channel Leakages on an Embedded Biometric Comparison System.	Jean-Luc Danger
Studying SVM Method's Scalability Using Text Documents.	Lucian Vintan
Studying cancer-cell populations by programmable models of networks.	Luca Bortolussi
Studying how trainee teachers use an online learning environment: resituating interviews supported by digital traces.	Luc Ria
Studying the emerging global brain: Analyzing and visualizing the impact of co-authorship teams.	Luca Dall'Asta
Sturmian Trees.	Luc Boasson
Sturmian Words, Lyndon Words and Trees.	Aldo de Luca
Sturmian Words: Structure, Combinatorics, and Their Arithmetics.	Aldo de Luca
Sturmian words and the Stern sequence.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Sturmian words and the Stern sequence.	Aldo de Luca
Sturmian words and the Stern sequence.	Aldo de Luca
Sturmian words and the Stern sequence.	Alessandro De Luca 0002
Style in the Age of Instagram: Predicting Success within the Fashion Industry using Social Media.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
Style-based modeling and refinement of service-oriented architectures.	Luciano Baresi
SuBSENSE: A Universal Change Detection Method With Local Adaptive Sensitivity.	Pierre-Luc St-Charles
Sub kBT micro electromechanical irreversible logic gate.	Luca Gammaitoni
Sub-Markov Random Walk for Image Segmentation.	Luc J. Van Gool
Sub-Sampling Framework Comparison for Low-Power Data Gathering: A Comparative Analysis.	Luca Benini
Sub-pixel accuracy edge fitting by means of B-spline.	Ricardo Lucas Bastos Breder
Subcomplementary code pairs: new codes for ST/MST radar observations.	Hubert Luce
Subcritical Transition towards Space-Time Chaos.	Luc Pastur
Subgradient algorithms for solving variable inequalities.	L. R. Lucambio Pérez
Subgraphs smaller than the girth.	Luca Simoncini
Subject position affects EEG magnitudes.	Lucas C. Parra
Subliminal Cueing of Selection Behavior in a Virtual Environment.	Luciano Gamberini
Submersible Spectrofluorometer for Real-Time Sensing of Water Quality.	Luca Fiorani
Suboptimal Soft Range Estimators With Applications in UWB Sensor Networks.	Luca Reggiani
Suboptimal solution for PLA multiple column folding.	Fabrizio Luccio
Subpixel detection of the center of an object using a spectral phase algorithm on the image.	Luc Oriat
Subset based least squares subspace regression in RKHS.	Luc Hoegaerts
Subsidence mapping at regional scale using persistent scatters interferometry (PSI): The case of Tuscany region (Italy).	Luca Tanteri
Subsignatures of systems.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Subspaces of Q whose d-logics do not have the FMP.	Joel Lucero-Bryan
Substructures and uniform elimination for p-adic fields.	Luc Bélair
Subtyping Recursive Types.	Luca Cardelli
Subword complexity and decomposition of the set of factors.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Subwords and Power-Free Words are not Expressible by Word Equations.	Lucian Ilie
Success factors for strategic information systems.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Successive refinement of side information for multi-view distributed video coding.	Lucian Ciobanu
Succinct Representation of Labeled Graphs.	Luca Castelli Aleardi
Succinct representations of planar maps.	Luca Castelli Aleardi
Suitable Properties for Any Electronic Voting System.	Jean-Luc Koning
Suivi hiérarchique de structures intra-cellulaires dans des images 4 D.	Laurent Lucas
Sum Coloring : New upper bounds for the chromatic strength.	Corinne Lucet
Sum Rate Maximized Resource Allocation in Multiple DF Relays Aided OFDM Transmission	Luc Vandendorpe
Sum Rate Maximized Resource Allocation in Multiple DF Relays Aided OFDM Transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
Sum rate maximization for multi-cell downlink OFDMA with subcarrier pair-based opportunistic DF relaying.	Luc Vandendorpe
Sum-Free Subsets of Right Cancellative Semigroups.	Tomasz Luczak
Summarizing video sequence using a graph-based hierarchical approach.	Luciana dos Santos Belo
Summer Heat Risk Index: how to integrate recent climatic changes and soil consumption component.	Luca Congedo
SunFloor 3D: A Tool for Networks on Chip Topology Synthesis for 3-D Systems on Chips.	Luca Benini
Super-Resolution From Unregistered and Totally Aliased Signals Using Subspace Methods.	Luciano Sbaiz
Super-helices for predicting the dynamics of natural hair.	Jean Luc Lévêque
Super-resolution method using sparse regularization for point-spread function recovery.	Jean-Luc Starck
Superfluidity: a flexible functional architecture for 5G networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
Superfluous paths in strong digraphs.	Claudio L. Lucchesi
Supervised range-constrained thresholding.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Supervision and monitoring of logistic spaces by a cooperative robot team: methodologies, problems, and solutions.	Luca Carlone
Supervoxel-Based Segmentation of Mitochondria in EM Image Stacks With Learned Shape Features.	Aurélien Lucchi
Supply Estimation Using Coevolutionary Genetic Algorithms in the Spanish Electrical Market.	Luciano Sánchez Ramos
Supply chain planning and trust: two sides of the same coin.	Luciana Marques Vieira
Supply chain strategy for high technology-content product and its consequences to technology transfer mechanism.	Lucia Diawati
Supply network planning in the forest supply chain with bucking decisions anticipation.	Luc LeBel
Support Vector Machines for TCP traffic classification.	Luca Salgarelli
Support Vector Regression With Kernel Combination for Missing Data Reconstruction.	Luca Lorenzi
Supporting Interoperability and Reusability of Learning Objects: The Virtual Campus Approach.	Luca Mainetti
Supporting Knowledge-Based Decision Making in the Medical Context: The GLARE Approach.	Luca Anselma
Supporting OpenMP on a multi-cluster embedded MPSoC.	Luca Benini
Supporting Organizational Learning: AnaXagora.	Luc Vandenabeele
Supporting Secure Coordination in SecSpaces.	Roberto Lucchi
Supporting Technical Debt Cataloging with TD-Tracker Tool.	Lucas Borante Foganholi
Supporting Web Applications development with a PLA.	Luca Balzerani
Supporting affective communication in the classroom with the Subtle Stone.	Rosemary Luckin
Supporting conceptualisation processes in collaborative networks: a case study on an R&D project.	António Lucas Soares
Supporting content discovery and organization in networks of contents and users.	Luca Console
Supporting creative and reflective processes.	Lucy Carruthers
Supporting knowledge-intensive inspection tasks with application ontologies.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Supporting the on-site emergency management through a visualisation technique for mobile devices.	Luca Paolino
Supporting tools for guideline development and dissemination.	Luca Gatti
Suppressing the numerical Cherenkov instability in FDTD PIC codes.	Jean-Luc Vay
Suppression of Ge-O and Ge-N bonding at Ge-HfO2 and Ge-TiO2 interfaces by deposition onto plasma-nitrided passivated Ge substrates: Integration issues Ge gate stacks into advanced devices.	Gerald Lucovsky
Sur diverses familles de langages fermées par transductions rationelle	Luc Boasson
Surface Reconstruction and Image Enhancement via L1-Minimization.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Surface Relief Analysis for Illustrative Shading.	Lucas Ammann
Surface acoustic wave resonators.	Luca Roselli
Surface compression.	Bradley J. Lucier
Surface reconstruction via geodesic interpolation.	Luc Biard
Surfing Hypertexts with a Metacognition Tool.	Luciano Seta
Surgical gesture classification from video and kinematic data.	Luca Zappella
Surrogate data analysis for assessing the significance of the coherence function.	Luca Faes
Surveillance-Oriented Event Detection in Video Streams.	Gian Luca Foresti
Survey and performance evaluation on some automotive semi-active suspension control methods: A comparative study on a single-corner model.	Luc Dugard
Survey of patient and public perceptions of electronic health records for healthcare, policy and research: Study protocol.	Serena Luchenski
Survey of the DASH7 Alliance Protocol for 433 MHz Wireless Sensor Communication.	Luc Wante
Survey on Simulation for Mobile Ad-Hoc Communication for Disaster Scenarios.	Luciana Arantes
Survivability Evaluation of Gas, Water and Electricity Infrastructures.	Lucia Happe
Survivability analysis of power distribution in smart grids with active and reactive power modeling.	Lucia Happe
Survivable IP network design with OSPF routing.	Luciana S. Buriol
Survivable routing in IP-over-WDM networks: An efficient and scalable local search algorithm.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Survival Online: a web-based service for the analysis of correlations between gene expression and clinical and follow-up data.	Luca Corradi
Survival model in oral squamous cell carcinoma based on clinicopathological parameters, molecular markers and support vector machines.	Lucas Villallaín
Sustainable coalitions in the commons.	Luc Doyen
Sustainable management of fossil fuels: A dynamic stochastic optimization approach with jump-diffusion.	Luca Spinesi
Sustainable simultaneous communications in ad-hoc networks using smart antenna systems.	Lucio Mania
Swarm Coordination Based on Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics Technique.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Swarm's flight: Accelerating the particles using C-CUDA.	Lucas de P. Veronese
Swarm-Bot: A New Distributed Robotic Concept.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Swarmanoid: A Novel Concept for the Study of Heterogeneous Robotic Swarms.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Switching Costs, Network Effects, and Competition in the European Mobile Telecommunications Industry.	Lucio Fuentelsaz
Sybase System 11 Online Capabilities.	Lucien A. Dimino
Symbiotic Aspects in e-Government Application Development.	Marco Luca Sbodio
Symbol Error Probability of Hexagonal QAM.	Luca Rugini
Symbolic PathFinder v7.	Kasper Søe Luckow
Symbolic and Cryptographic Analysis of the Secure WS-ReliableMessaging Scenario.	Luca Viganò 0001
Symbolic diagnosis and its formalisation.	Peter Lucas
Symbolic execution and timed automata model checking for timing analysis of Java real-time systems.	Kasper Søe Luckow
Symbolic execution based on language transformation.	Dorel Lucanu
Symbolic generation and representation of complex oscillations.	Luca Bianco
Symbolic minimization of multilevel logic and the input encoding problem.	Luciano Lavagno
Symbolic synthesis of clock-gating logic for power optimization of synchronous controllers.	Luca Benini
Symmetric Cryptography (Dagstuhl Seminar 12031).	Stefan Lucks
Symmetric States and their Structure: Improved Analysis of CubeHash.	Stefan Lucks
Symmetric approximations of pseudo-Boolean functions with applications to influence indexes.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Symmetric triangular approximations of fuzzy numbers under a general condition and properties.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Symmetry From Shape and Shape From Symmetry.	Luc J. Van Gool
Symmetry Results for Cooperative Elliptic Systems via Linearization.	Lucio Damascelli
Symmetry and connectivity in G-graphs.	Luc Gillibert
Symmetry groups of Rosenbloom-Tsfasman spaces.	Luciano Panek
Symmetry of Information and One-Way Functions.	Luc Longpré
Symmetry-Break in Voronoi Tessellations.	Valerio Lucarini
Symmetry-Breaking Bifurcations in Rings of Delay-Coupled Semiconductor Lasers.	Pietro-Luciano Buono
Symptomatic vs. Asymptomatic Plaque Classification in Carotid Ultrasound.	Luca Saba
Synaptic Learning Rules and Sparse Coding in a Model Sensory System.	Luca A. Finelli
Synchronisierung identischer linearer Systeme - ein Zugang über LMIs.	Luca Scardovi
Synchronization and balancing on the N-torus.	Luca Scardovi
Synchronization in Network Structures: Entangled Topology as Optimal Architecture for Network Design	Luca Donetti
Synchronization in networks of identical linear systems.	Luca Scardovi
Synchronization of Interconnected Systems With Applications to Biochemical Networks: An Input-Output Approach.	Luca Scardovi
Synchronization of Moving Integrate and Fire oscillators.	Luce Prignano
Synchronization-Aware Energy Management for VFI-Based Multicore Real-Time Systems.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Synchronous Modeling and Analysis of Data Intensive Applications.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Synchronous approach to the functional equivalence of embeddedsystem implementations.	Luciano Lavagno
Synergistic Visual/Haptic Rendering Modes for Scientific Visualization.	Lucy Y. Pao
Synergos-Synergetic Vision Research.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Synergy between Activity Theory and goal/scenario modeling for requirements elicitation, analysis, and evolution.	Lucy Troup
Synergy of airborne LiDAR and Worldview-2 satellite imagery for land cover and habitat mapping: A BIO_SOS-EODHaM case study for the Netherlands.	Richard M. Lucas
Syntax and semantics of the weak consistency model specification language cat.	Luc Maranget
Synthesis Methodology for Multipole ZVT Converters.	Luciano Schuch
Synthesis and conformational analysis by 1H NMR and restrained molecular dynamics simulations of the cyclic decapeptide [Ser-Tyr-Ser-Met-Glu-His-Phe-Arg-Trp-Gly].	Jean-Luc Fauchère
Synthesis for testability techniques for asynchronous circuits.	Luciano Lavagno
Synthesis of Autosymmetric Functions in a New Three-Level Form.	Fabrizio Luccio
Synthesis of HRV signals characterized by predetermined time-frequency structure by means of time-varying ARMA models.	Luca T. Mainardi
Synthesis of Multispectral Images to High Spatial Resolution: A Critical Review of Fusion Methods Based on Remote Sensing Physics.	Lucien Wald
Synthesis of Predictable Networks-on-Chip-Based Interconnect Architectures for Chip Multiprocessors.	Luca Benini
Synthesis of hardware models in C with pointers and complex data structures.	Luc Séméria
Synthesis of hazard-free asynchronous circuits with bounded wire delays.	Luciano Lavagno
Synthesis of integer multipliers in sum of pseudoproducts form.	Fabrizio Luccio
Synthesis of low-power selectively-clocked systems from high-level specification.	Luca Benini
Synthesis of power-managed sequential components based oncomputational kernel extraction.	Luca Benini
Synthesis of software programs for embedded control applications.	Luciano Lavagno
Synthesis of the forward kinematics problem algebraic modeling for the general parallel manipulator: displacement-based equations.	Luc Rolland
Synthesis on forward kinematics problem algebraic modeling for the planar parallel manipulator: Displacement-based equation systems.	Luc Rolland
Synthetic pattern generation for imbalanced learning in image retrieval.	Luca Piras
System Co-Design and Data Management for Flash Devices.	Luc Bouganim
System Equivalence for AR-Systems over Rings - with an Application to Delay-Differential Systems.	Luc C. G. J. M. Habets
System Level Design for Clustered Wireless Sensor Networks.	Luca Necchi
System Prototype and Verification Using Metamodel-Based Transformations.	Levi Lucio
System Response Time, Operator Productivity, and Job Satisfaction.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
System based on digital signal processors (DSPs) for communication between industrial processes with critical time.	Luciano Boquete
System design of stochastic models using robustness of temporal properties.	Luca Bortolussi
System level modeling methodology of NoC design from UML-MARTE to VHDL.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
System verification using multilevel concurrent simulation.	Pier Luca Montessoro
System-Level Fault Diagnosis.	Luca Simoncini
System-level memory optimization for high-level synthesis of component-based SoCs.	Luca P. Carloni
System-level power optimization: techniques and tools.	Luca Benini
SystemC Cosimulation and Emulation of Multiprocessor SoC Designs.	Luca Benini
Systematic Network Coding with the Aid of a Full-Duplex Relay	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Systematic Refinement of Performance Models for Concurrent Component-based Systems.	Lucia Kapová
Systematic Semantic Tableaux for PLTL.	Paqui Lucio
Systematic analysis of human kinase genes: a large number of genes and alternative splicing events result in functional and structural diversity.	Luciano Milanesi
Systematic evolution of model-based spreadsheet applications.	Markus Luckey
Systematic shift uncertainty evaluation of IEN CSF1 primary frequency standard.	Luca Lorini
Systematic t-Unidirectional Error-Detecting Codes over Zm.	Luca G. Tallini
Systems Biology Markup Language (SBML) Level 2 Version 5: Structures and Facilities for Model Definitions.	Lucian P. Smith
Systems medicine of inflammaging.	Luciano Milanesi
Systolic-based parallel architecture for the longest common subsequences problem.	Guillaume Luce
Sécurisation matérielle du contrôle d'accès à des documents XML.	Luc Bouganim
T-coercivity and continuous Galerkin methods: application to transmission problems with sign changing coefficients.	Lucas Chesnel
T. Winograd and F. Flores, Understanding Computers and Cognition: A New Foundation for Design.	Lucy A. Suchman
T1DBase, a community web-based resource for type 1 diabetes research.	Luc J. Smink
T1DBase: integration and presentation of complex data for type 1 diabetes research.	Luc J. Smink
TA-clustering: Cluster analysis of gene expression profiles through Temporal Abstractions.	Lucia Sacchi
TACTICS: TACTICal Service Oriented Architecture.	Luca Spagnolo
TCP Congestion Control over HSDPA: an Experimental Evaluation	Luca De Cicco
TCP-Like Molecular Communications.	Luca Felicetti
TCP-like molecular communications.	Luca Felicetti
TCP/IP-based multimedia applications and services over satellite links: experience from an ASI/CNIT project.	Luca Simone Ronga
TCRA: a time-based channel reservation scheme for handover requests in LEO satellite systems.	André-Luc Beylot
TDR Moisture Estimation for Granular Materials: An Application in Agro-Food Industrial Monitoring.	Luciano Tarricone
TDR moisture measurements in granular materials: From the siliceous sand test case to the applications for agro-food industrial monitoring.	Luciano Tarricone
TELEOS : de l'analyse de l'activité professionnelle à la formalisation des connaissances pour un environnement d'apprentissage.	Lucile Vadcard
TER: A Robot for Remote Ultrasonic Examination: Experimental Evaluations	Jean-Luc Bosson
TER: A Robot for Remote Ultrasonic Examination: Experimental Evaluations	Luc Bressollette
TEclass - a tool for automated classification of unknown eukaryotic transposable elements.	Luc DeMester
TIDES - a new descriptor for time series oscillation behavior.	Lucas Moutinho Bueno
TOM: a web-based integrated approach for identification of candidate disease genes.	Luca Benini
TOM: enhancement and extension of a tool suite for in silico approaches to multigenic hereditary disorders.	Luca Benini
TOPS Interferometry With TerraSAR-X.	Luca Marotti
TP-Compilation for inference in probabilistic logic programs.	Luc De Raedt
TQL: a query language for semistructured data based on the ambient logic.	Luca Cardelli
TRAVOS: Trust and Reputation in the Context of Inaccurate Information Sources.	Michael Luck
TREND in energy-aware adaptive routing solutions.	Luca Chiaraviglio
TREND: Toward real energy-efficient network design.	Luca Chiaraviglio
TRONCO: an R package for the inference of cancer progression models from heterogeneous genomic data.	Luca De Sano
TSK fuzzy modeling for tool wear condition in turning processes: An experimental study.	Luc Baron
TSML: A XML-based Format for Exchange of Training Samples for Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing Images.	Luciano Vieira Dutra
TWISTERpi - a framework for secure and fast hash functions.	Stefan Lucks
TXM: an agile HW/SW development methodology for building medical devices.	Vicente Lucena
TXM: an agile HW/SW development methodology for building medical devices.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Tableau systems for reasoning about risk.	Luca Viganò 0001
Tableaux on k+1-cores, reduced words for affine permutations, and k-Schur expansions.	Luc Lapointe
Tabu search techniques for the heterogeneous vehicle routing problem with time windows and carrier-dependent costs.	Luca Di Gaspero
Tackling electrosmog in completely configured 3G networks by parallel cooperative meta-heuristics.	Luciano Tarricone
Tactical and strategic planning for a container terminal: Modelling issues within a discrete event simulation approach.	Stefano de Luca
Tactile feedback applied to computer mice.	Holger Luczak
Tag-based user modeling for social multi-device adaptive guides.	Luca Console
Tagging with DHARMA, a DHT-based Approach for Resource Mapping through Approximation	Luca Maria Aiello
Tail-Chopped Lightning Impulses Time Parameters Estimated According to Standard IEC 60060-1: 2010.	Lucas Castro Faria
Tailoring informatics interventions to patients and healthcare providers.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Tailoring the bifurcation Diagram of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems: an Optimization Based Approach.	Lucia Russo
Take a break: cloud scheduling optimized for real-time electricity pricing.	Drazen Lucanin
Taking Online Maps Down to Street Level.	Luc Vincent
Talking about tags: An exploratory study of librarians' perception and use of social tagging in a public library.	Lucy Clements
Taming Modal Impredicativity: Superlazy Reduction	Luca Vercelli
Taming Modal Impredicativity: Superlazy Reduction	Luca Roversi
Taming access control security: extending capabilities using the views relationship.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Taming heterogeneous agent architectures.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Tamper-resistent ubiquitous data management.	Luc Bouganim
Tangible augmented reality for air traffic control.	Jean-Luc Vinot
Tape Mbo'e: A First Experimental Assessment.	Luca Cernuzzi
Target Detection With Semisupervised Kernel Orthogonal Subspace Projection.	Luca Capobianco
Target localization in camera wireless networks.	Dennis Lucarelli
Targeted transcranial direct current stimulation for rehabilitation after stroke.	Lucas C. Parra
Targeting reconfigurable FPGA based SoCs using the UML MARTE profile: from high abstraction levels to code generation.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Tariff Optimization in Networks.	Jean-Luc Lutton
Tariff Retaliation and the Free Trade Argument.	Luciano Méndez-Naya
Tarski On Logical Notions.	Luca Bellotti
Task Parameterization Using Continuous Constraints Extracted From Human Demonstrations.	Ana Lucia Pais Ureche
Task Synchronization in Reservation-Based Real-Time Systems.	Luca Abeni
Task Versus Vehicle-Based Control Paradigms in Multiple Unmanned Vehicle Supervision by a Single Operator.	Luca F. Bertuccelli
Task assignment and subassembly scheduling in flexible assembly lines.	Mario Lucertini
Task induced modulation of neural oscillations in electrophysiological brain networks.	Henry Luckhoo
Task modelling for cooperative work.	Holger Luczak
Tax administration - Information on IRS' Philadelphia service center.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Tax differentiation, lobbying, and welfare.	Luca Colombo
Taximeter verification using imprecise data from GPS.	Luciano Sánchez
Taximeter verification with GPS and soft computing techniques.	Luciano Sánchez
Taylor's Formula for Ck, 1 Functions.	Dinh The Luc
TcruziDB: an integrated Trypanosoma cruzi genome resource.	Michael Luchtan
Teacher's Evaluation - a Component of Quality Assessment System	Lucian Luca
Teaching Case Using a Research in Technical and Scientific Communication Class to Teach Essential Workplace Skills.	Lucy Bednar
Teaching Programming Principles through a Game Engine.	Luciano Silva
Teaching hardware/software system codesign using CAD tools: a case study in image synthesis.	Jean Luc Philippe
Teaching medicine using hypertexts: three years of experience at the Ancona Medical School.	Michele M. Luchetti
Team building criteria in software projects: A mix-method replicated study.	Evisson Lucena
Teams without trust? Investigations in the influence of video-mediated communication on the origin of trust among cooperating persons.	Holger Luczak
Technical Note - New Sufficient Conditions for (s, S) Policies to be Optimal in Systems with Multiple Uncertainties.	Lucy Gongtao Chen
Technical Note: Evaluating Java Development Kits for Agent-Based Modeling.	Luc Girardin
Techniques and Architectures for Hazard-Free Semi-Parallel Decoding of LDPC Codes.	Luca Fanucci
Techniques for Effective Optical Noise Rejection in Amplitude-Modulated Laser Optical Radars for Underwater Three-Dimensional Imaging.	Luciano Bartolini
Techniques for Traceable Measurements of Small Currents.	Luca Callegaro
Techniques to Improve Performance Beyond Pipelining: Superpipelining, Superscalar, and VLIW.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Technische Unterstützung zur Durchführung von Massenklausuren.	Ulrike Lucke
Technological Solutions and Main Indices for the Assessment of Newborns' Nutritive Sucking: A Review.	Luca Ricci
Technological and Educational Challenges of Resilient Computing.	Luca Simoncini
Technologies du tatouage pour l'authentification et la protection des images.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Technology and young children - Edited by Sally Blake et al.	Lucy R. Betts
Technology diffusion: analysing the diffusion of agent technologies.	Michael Luck
Technology mapping for Field Programmable Gate Arrays using Content-Addressable Memory (CAM).	Joshua M. Lucas
Technology to facilitate ethical action: a proposed design.	Lucas Jurkovic
Technology to support parental engagement in elementary education: Lessons learned from the UK.	Rosemary Luckin
Tectogrammatical Annotation of the Wall Street Journal.	Lucie Mladová
TeleEEG: A telemedical software package for EEG.	Luigi De Luca
Telemedicine for Disaster Relief: A Novel Architecture.	Thomas Luckenbach
Telemetry and control system with GSM communications.	Luciano Boquete
Teleoperation of a mobile robot with time-varying delay and force feedback.	Lucio Rafael Salinas
Telepresence teaching visual equipment.	Luca Maderna
Telescopic units: a new paradigm for performance optimization of VLSI designs.	Luca Benini
Temperature Control of a Commercial Building With Model Predictive Control Techniques.	Luca Ferrarini
Temperature variation aware multi-scale delay, power and thermal analysis at RT and gate level.	Luca Benini
Template-based Isocontouring.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Template-based and HMM-based Approaches for Isolated Spanish Digit Recognition.	Lucas D. Terissi
Temporal Decision Trees: Model-based Diagnosis of Dynamic Systems On-Board	Luca Console
Temporal Decision Trees: Model-based Diagnosis of Dynamic Systems On-Board.	Luca Console
Temporal Fade Reduction for Fixed Wireless Diversity Receivers with Unbalanced and Correlated Branches.	Luciano Ahumada
Temporal Granularity and Indeterminacy in Reasoning About Actions and Change: An Approach Based on the Event Calculus.	Luca Chittaro
Temporal Segment Networks: Towards Good Practices for Deep Action Recognition.	Luc Van Gool
Temporal abstraction for feature extraction: A comparative case study in prediction from intensive care monitoring data.	Lucia Sacchi
Temporal analysis of data flow control systems.	Luca Simoncini
Temporal constraint satisfaction on causal models.	Luca Console
Temporal reasoning about composite and/or periodic events.	Luca Anselma
Temporal representation and reasoning in artificial intelligence: Issues and approaches.	Luca Chittaro
Tensor Computation: A New Framework for High-Dimensional Problems in EDA.	Luca Daniel
Tensor3D: A computer graphics program to simulate 3D real-time deformation and visualization of geometric bodies.	Luca Pallozzi Lavorante
Terminating constraint set satisfiability and simplification algorithms for context-dependent overloading.	Lucília Figueiredo
Termination Criteria for Solving Concurrent Safety and Reachability Games	Luca de Alfaro
Termination of just/fair computations in term rewriting.	Salvador Lucas
Termination, Deadlock, and Divergence.	Luca Aceto
Terminological ontology learning and population using latent Dirichlet allocation.	Luca Greco 0001
Terrain objects, their dynamics and their monitoring by the integration of GIS and remote sensing.	Lucas L. F. Janssen
Test Sets for Languages of Infinite Words.	Aldo de Luca
Test sets generation from algebraic specifications using logic programming.	Luc Bougé
Testing Against Some Eventuality Properties of Synchronous Software: A Case Study.	Jean-Luc Richier
Testing Frequency-Domain Causality in Multivariate Time Series.	Luca Faes
Testing Subjective Preference and Map Use Performance: Use of Web Maps for Decision Making in the Public Health Sector.	Luciene Delazari
Testing Web-based applications: The state of the art and future trends.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
Testing driver's comfort in virtual environments.	Luciano Gamberini
Testing methods and equipments for ATM switching nodes.	Luciano Gabrielli
Tests for cointegration rank and choice of the alternative.	Luca Fanelli
Text classification using a few labeled examples.	Luca Greco 0001
Text mining for neuroanatomy using WhiteText with an updated corpus and a new web application.	Lucia Tseng
Text-Informed Audio Source Separation. Example-Based Approach Using Non-Negative Matrix Partial Co-Factorization.	Luc Le Magoarou
Text-mining the voice of the people.	Lucian L. Visinescu
Texture Modeling with Convolutional Spike-and-Slab RBMs and Deep Extensions	Pierre Luc Carrier
Texture analysis Anno 1983.	Luc J. Van Gool
Texture analysis in perfusion images of prostate cancer - A case study.	Elzbieta Luczynska
Texture recognition based on diffusion in networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Texture segmentation based on Laguerre Gauss functions and k-means algorithm driven by Kullback-Leibler divergence.	Luca Costantini
Texture-based classification of sub-Antarctic vegetation communities on Heard Island.	Arko Lucieer
Texture-based watermarking of 3D video objects.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Textureless Macula Swelling Detection With Multiple Retinal Fundus Images.	Luca Giancardo
The "presence of others" in a virtual environment: different collaborative modalities with hybrid resources.	Luciano Gamberini
The "runs" conjecture.	Lucian Ilie
The 'measure of a man' and the ethos of hospitality: towards an ethical dwelling with technology.	Lucas D. Introna
The (Non)-Existence of Stable Mechanisms in Incomplete Information Environments.	Brendan Lucier
The (im)possibility of ethics in the information age.	Lucas D. Introna
The 2007 IEEE CEC simulated car racing competition.	Simon M. Lucas
The 2009 Simulated Car Racing Championship.	Pier Luca Lanzi
The 2014 General Video Game Playing Competition.	Simon M. Lucas
The 2nd workshop on active internet measurements (AIMS-2) report.	Matthew J. Luckie
The 3dSOBS+ algorithm for moving object detection.	Lucia Maddalena
The 8th workshop on large-scale distributed systems for information retrieval (LSDS-IR'10).	Claudio Lucchese
The ALTER-NATIVA knowledge management approach.	Catarina Marques-Lucena
The Accuracy of Subjects in a Quality Experiment: A Theoretical Subject Model.	Lucjan Janowski
The Adsorption Properties of Bacillus atrophaeus Spore on Functionalized Carbon Nanotubes.	Lucy Camacho
The Agents Are All Busy Doing Stuff!	Michael Luck
The Algorithmic Autoregulation Software Development Methodology.	Lucas Zambianchi
The Allocation of Attention and Working Memory in Visual Crowding.	Steven J. Luck
The Analysis of Kademlia for Random IDs.	Luc Devroye
The Analysis of Kademlia for random IDs.	Luc Devroye
The Annals of Computational and Financial Econometrics, first issue.	Luc Bauwens
The Anti-Social Fermat Number.	Florian Luca
The Application of Digital Broadcast Communication to Large Scale Information Systems.	John M. Lucassen
The Application of Metaphor, Analogy, and Conceptual Models in Computer Systems.	Lucy Anne Wozny
The Approximability of Constraint Satisfaction Problems.	Luca Trevisan
The Archival Bond.	Luciana Duranti
The Ariadne project: an evaluation of a print and Web magazine for library and information science professionals.	Lucy A. Tedd
The Artificial Life Roots of Artificial Intelligence.	Luc Steels
The Associativity of the Pythagorean Law.	Lucio R. Berrone
The Australia urban research gateway.	Luca Morandini
The Automatic Sequencing of Block-Operators in the Digital Simulation of Analog and Analog-Hybrid Computers.	Lucio Tavernini
The BEA streaming XQuery processor.	Paul Lucas
The BERKOM Multimedia-Mail Teleservice.	Luc Neumann
The BNM Watt balance project.	Luc Chassagne
The Balinski-Young Comparison of Divisor Methods is Transitive.	Luc Lauwers
The Barankin bound and threshold behavior in frequency estimation.	Luc Knockaert
The Barrier-Lock Clock: A Scalable Synchronization-Oriented Logical Clock.	Luciana Bezerra Arantes
The Becke Fuzzy Cells Integration Scheme in the Amsterdam Density Functional Program Suite.	Lucas Visscher
The Beilstein Handbook of Organic Chemistry: the first hundred years.	Reiner Luckenbach
The Bicategory-Theoretic Solution of Recursive Domain Equations.	Gian Luca Cattani
The BioMart community portal: an innovative alternative to large, centralized data repositories.	Lucie N. Hutchins
The BioMart community portal: an innovative alternative to large, centralized data repositories.	Luca Pandini
The Biological Connection Markup Language: a SBGN-compliant format for visualization, filtering and analysis of biological pathways.	Luca Beltrame
The Birth of the Giant Component.	Tomasz Luczak
The Bologna Ringway Dataset: Improving Road Network Conversion in SUMO and Validating Urban Mobility via Navigation Services.	Luca Bedogni
The CHIL audiovisual corpus for lecture and meeting analysis inside smart rooms.	Luca Cristoforetti
The CHRONIOUS Ontology-Driven Search Tool: Enabling Access to Focused and Up-to-Date Healthcare Literature	Luc Schneider
The Calibration of Loop Impedance Meters: A Proposal.	Luca Rocca
The Calibration of the Envisat Radar Altimeter Receiver by a Passive Technique.	Luca Pulvirenti
The Cartesian product of cycles with small 2-rainbow domination number.	Lucjan Szymaszkiewicz
The Cayley transform in the numerical solution of unitary differential systems.	Luciano Lopez
The Centre for Modeling Human Disease Gene Trap resource.	Lucy R. Osborne
The Changing Face of CD-ROM.	Lucy A. Tedd
The Characterization and Detection of Skewed Symmetry.	Luc J. Van Gool
The Chvátal-Erdös condition and pancyclic line-graphs.	Jean-Luc Fouquet
The Clio Project: Managing Heterogeneity.	Lucian Popa
The Collaborative Critique: An Inspection Method for Expert Evaluation of User Interfaces.	Wendy T. Lucas
The Collision Security of MDC-4 The Collision Security of MDC-4.	Stefan Lucks
The Comparative and Concurrent Simulation of discrete-event experiments.	Pier Luca Montessoro
The Complexity of Checking Consistency of Pedigree Information and Related Problems.	Luca Aceto
The Complexity of Coverage	Luca de Alfaro
The Complexity of Coverage.	Luca de Alfaro
The Complexity of Integer Bound Propagation.	Lucas Bordeaux
The Complexity of Integer Bound Propagation.	Lucas Bordeaux
The Complexity of Social Coordination	Lucja Kot
The Complexity of Social Coordination.	Lucja Kot
The Concurrency Column.	Luca Aceto
The Condition of Uniqueness in Manufacturing Process Representation by Performance/Quality Indicators.	Luciano Viticchiè
The Conditional Lucas & Kanade Algorithm.	Simon Lucey
The Connection-Then-Credit Flow Control Protocol for Heterogeneous Multicore Systems-on-Chip.	Luciano Bononi
The Connection-Then-Credit Flow Control Protocol for Heterogeneous Multicore Systems-on-Chip.	Luca P. Carloni
The Construction of Personal Identities Online.	Luciano Floridi
The Context-Aware Browser.	Luca Vassena
The Context-Aware Browser.	Luca Di Gaspero
The Continuous Cold Start Problem in e-Commerce Recommender Systems.	Lucas Bernardi
The Control Transmutation Method and the Cost of Fast Controls.	Luc Miller
The Corpus DIMEx100: transcription and evaluation.	Lucian Galescu
The Correspondence Between Deterministic and Stochastic Digital Neurons: Analysis and Methodology.	Luca Geretti
The Cybersecurity Landscape in Industrial Control Systems.	Lucas Davi
The DLR MIRO: a versatile lightweight robot for surgical applications.	Luc Le Tien
The Deepening of Expert Systems.	Luc Steels
The Degree Preserving Spanning Tree Problem: Valid Inequalities and Branch-and-cut method.	Abilio Lucena
The Deletable Bloom filter: A new member of the Bloom family	Fábio Luciano Verdi
The Design of a Graphics Engine for the Development of Virtual Reality Applications.	Luciane Machado Fraga
The Design of the English Domestic Library in the Seventeenth Century: Readers and Their Book Rooms.	Lucy Gwynn
The Detour Matrix in Chemistry.	Bono Lucic
The Devil's in the details: Mental institutions and proper engagement.	Lucas Olsen
The Digital Life of Walkable Streets.	Luca Maria Aiello
The Dirac equation in quantum chemistry: Strategies to overcome the current computational problems.	Lucas Visscher
The Discrete Equation of the Straight Line.	Fabrizio Luccio
The Distributed ASCI Supercomputer Project.	Luc Renambot
The Dual Adjunction between MV-algebras and Tychonoff Spaces.	Luca Spada
The Dyck pattern poset.	Luca Ferrari
The Dynamics of Exchanges and References among Scientific Texts, and the Autopoiesis of Discursive Knowledge	Diana Lucio-Arias
The EPI-Distance Topology: Continuity and Stability Results with Applications to Convex Optimization Problems.	Roberto Lucchetti
The Earth Observation Data for Habitat Monitoring (EODHaM) system.	Richard M. Lucas
The Earth System Grid Federation: An open infrastructure for access to distributed geospatial data.	Luca Cinquini
The Earth System Grid: Supporting the Next Generation of Climate Modeling Research	Luca Cinquini
The Earth observing system microwave limb sounder (EOS MLS) on the aura Satellite.	Lucien Froidevaux
The Effect of Cortico-thalamic Connections on the Diversity of Cortical Activations as Modeled by the Ising Model.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
The Effect of LSI Technology on the Theory of Modular Computer Design.	Luca Simoncini
The Effect of Unbalanced Branches on the Performance of Diversity Receivers for Urban Fixed Wireless Links.	Luciano Ahumada
The Effects of Group Composition and Social Preference Heterogeneity in a Public Goods Game: An Agent-Based Simulation.	Pablo Lucas
The Effects of Latency Penalties in Evaluating Push Notification Systems.	Luchen Tan
The Ehrlich-Aberth Method for the Nonsymmetric Tridiagonal Eigenvalue Problem.	Luca Gemignani
The Emotional and Chromatic Layers of Urban Smells.	Luca Maria Aiello
The End of the Robinson-Patman Act? Evidence from Legal Case Data.	Ryan Luchs
The Ends of Information Systems Research: A Pragmatic Framework.	Lucas D. Introna
The Equivalence of pre-NTS Grammars is Decidable.	Luc Boasson
The Ethics of Big Data: Current and Foreseeable Issues in Biomedical Contexts.	Luciano Floridi
The European ACQHE project: modular system for the calibration of capacitance standards based on the quantum Hall effect.	Luca Callegaro
The Evaluation of Random Subgraphs of the Cube.	Tomasz Luczak
The Evolution of the Platform Concept: A Systematic Review.	Ana Lucia Figueiredo Facin
The Evolutionary Dynamics of a Rapidly Mutating Virus within and between Hosts: The Case of Hepatitis C Virus.	Fabio Luciani
The Expected Length of the Longest Probe Sequence for Bucket Searching when the Distribution is Not Uniform.	Luc Devroye
The Exploitation of Web Navigation Data: Ethical Issues and Alternative Scenarios.	Luca Vassio
The Expressive Power of Stratified Logic Programs with Value Invention.	Luca Cabibbo
The FRIENDS platform - A software platform for advanced services and applications.	John-Luc Bakker
The Fermat star of binary trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
The Finite Element Immersed Boundary Method with Distributed Lagrange Multiplier.	Lucia Gastaldi
The ForwardDiffSig Scheme for Multicast Authentication.	Luca Albertalli
The Foundations for Provenance on the Web.	Luc Moreau
The Future Internet convergence of IMS and ubiquitous smart environments: An IMS-based solution for energy efficiency.	Luca Foschini
The Future of Spatial Analysis in the Social Sciences.	Luc Anselin
The Fuzzy Ant System for the Vehicle Routing Problem when Demand at Nodes is Uncertain.	Panta Lucic
The GENETPIG database: a tool for comparative mapping in pig (Sus scrofa).	Luca Fontanesi
The GENIUS Grid Portal and robot certificates: a new tool for e-Science.	Luciano Milanesi
The Gain-Loss Model: Bias of the Parameter Estimates.	Luca Stefanutti
The Gains from Cooperative R&d with a concave Technology and Spillovers.	Luca Lambertini
The Gaussian scale-space paradigm and the multiscale local jet.	Luc Florack
The Gene Wiki in 2011: community intelligence applied to human gene annotation.	Luca de Alfaro
The GenePOC Platform, a Rational Solution for Extreme Point-of-Care Testing.	Luc Bissonnette
The Geometry of the Reachability Set for Linear Discrete-time Systems with Positive Controls.	Luca Benvenuti
The Glauber Dynamics for Colorings of Bounded Degree Trees.	Brendan Lucier
The Global Cauchy Problem in Bourgain's-Type Spaces for a Dispersive Dissipative Semilinear Equation.	Luc Molinet
The Goodman-Kruskal coefficient and its applications in genetic diagnosis of cancer.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
The Governance of Information and Communication Technology.	Richard Lucas
The Graph Conception of Set.	Luca Incurvati
The H-factor as a novel quality metric for homology modeling.	Eric di Luccio
The Hamilton Apportionment Method Is Between the Adams Method and the Jefferson Method.	Luc Lauwers
The Height and Size of Random Hash Trees and Random Pebbled Hash Trees.	Luc Devroye
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Affiliation Networks: A Game-Theoretic Approach	Brendan Lucier
The Human EST Ontology Explorer: a tissue-oriented visualization system for ontologies distribution in human EST collections.	Luciano Milanesi
The Human Kernel.	Christopher G. Lucas
The Hyperion system: Compiling multithreaded Java bytecode for distributed execution.	Luc Bougé
The I (l2) bumpless transfer problem for linear plants: Its definition and solution.	Luca Zaccarian
The INFN-Grid Testbed.	Luca Vaccarossa
The INFN-Grid Testbed.	Luciano Gaido
The INFN-Grid Testbed.	Luca dell'Agnello
The ITALK Project: A Developmental Robotics Approach to the Study of Individual, Social, and Linguistic Learning.	Luciano Fadiga
The Immediate Effects of Glare and Electrochromic Glare-Reducing Mirrors in Simulated Truck Driving.	Lucinda A. Simmons
The Impact Failure Detector.	Luciana Arantes
The Impact of E-Commerce on Competition in the Retail Brokerage Industry.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Impact of Expert Decision Support Systems on the Performance of New Employees.	Lucila P. Cascante
The Impact of Office Automation on the Organization: Some Implications for Research and Practice.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Impact of Speculative Execution on SMT Processors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
The Impact of Visual Scanning in the Laparoscopic Environment After Engaging in Strain Coping.	Patricia R. DeLucia
The Impact of a Target on Newsvendor Decisions.	Lucy Gongtao Chen
The Impact of the Exploring Computer Science Instructional Model in Chicago Public Schools.	Lucia Dettori
The Importance of Being (A Little Bit) Discrete.	Luca Bortolussi
The Importance of Visual Experience, Gender, and Emotion in the Assessment of an Assistive Tactile Mouse.	Laura Lucagrossi
The Importance of Visual Experience, Gender, and Emotion in the Assessment of an Assistive Tactile Mouse.	Luca Giulio Brayda
The Inclusion of the Substitution Closure of Linear and One-Counter Languages in the Largest Sub-AFL of the Family of Algebraic Languages is Proper.	Luc Boasson
The Induced Size-Ramsey Number of Cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
The Inductive Constraint Programming Loop.	Luc De Raedt
The Influence of Subjects and Environment on Audiovisual Subjective Tests: An International Study.	Lucjan Janowski
The Influence of the Internet on European Journalism.	Federico De Luca
The Information Society and Its Philosophy: Introduction to the Special Issue on "The Philosophy of Information, Its Nature, and Future Developments".	Luciano Floridi
The Information Systems Identity Crisis: Focusing on High-Visibility and High-Impact Research.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Informational Nature of Personal Identity.	Luciano Floridi
The Innovation Cycle Dilemma.	Helmut Lucke
The Institutional Repository.	Lucy A. Tedd
The International Exascale Software Project roadmap.	Bob Lucas
The Interpretation of Classically Quantified Sentences: A Set-Theoretic Approach.	Claire Delle Luche
The Intrinsic Structure of Optic Flow Incorporating Measurement Duality.	Luc Florack
The Issue of Time Inconsistency Revisited as an Extended Game.	Luca Lambertini
The Italian Extreme Right On-line Network: An Exploratory Study Using an Integrated Social Network Analysis and Content Analysis Approach.	Luca Tateo
The Italian academic network GARR: evolution in the Gigabit era.	Luca dell'Agnello
The Java Image Science Toolkit (JIST) for Rapid Prototyping and Publishing of Neuroimaging Software.	Blake C. Lucas
The K Primer (version 3.3).	Dorel Lucanu
The K&C PALSAR Mosaic of the African Continent: Processing Issues and First Thematic Results.	Richard M. Lucas
The KnowledgeStore: A Storage Framework for Interlinking Unstructured and Structured Knowledge.	Luciano Serafini
The Kruskal-Katona Theorem and a Characterization of System Signatures.	Luca De Sanctis
The LAICA Project: An ad-hoc middleware to support Ambient Intelligence.	Luca Ferrari
The LATAM Financial Software Market.	Lucio Dinoto
The LIMSI ARISE system.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
The LIMSI Broadcast News transcription system.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
The LIMSI RailTel System: Field trial of a telephone service for rail travel information.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
The LO-BaFL method and ALS microarray expression analysis.	Jean-Luc Mougeot
The Leitmann-Schmitendorf advertising game with n players and time discounting.	Luca Lambertini
The Lempel--Ziv Complexity of Fixed Points of Morphisms.	Lucian Ilie
The Link Prediction Problem in Bipartite Networks	Ernesto William De Luca
The LoG Characteristic Scale: A Consistent Measurement of Lung Nodule Size in CT Imaging.	Luca Grassi
The Logic of the Ontological Square.	Luc Schneider
The Logics of Strict-Tolerant Logic.	Lucas Rosenblatt
The Magic of Logical Inference in Probabilistic Programming	Luc De Raedt
The Markush challenge.	Lucille J. Brown
The Mathematics of Gérard Lopez and Maurice Pouzet.	Lucien Haddad
The Max-Distance Network Creation Game on General Host Graphs.	Luciano Gualà
The Measurable Space of Stochastic Processes.	Luca Cardelli
The MetaCyc database of metabolic pathways and enzymes and the BioCyc collection of pathway/genome databases.	Luciana Ferrer
The Method of Levels of Abstraction.	Luciano Floridi
The Mirror World: Preparing for Mixed-Reality Living.	Luca Tummolini
The Mobile Application Server (MAS): An Infrastructure Platform for Mobile Wireless Services.	John-Luc Bakker
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS): land remote sensing for global change research.	Wolfgang Lucht
The Monogenic Scale Space on a Rectangular Domain and its Features.	Luc Florack
The Multi-Handler Knapsack Problem under Uncertainty.	Luca Gobbato
The Multi-engine ASP Solver ME-ASP: Progress Report.	Luca Pulina
The Multicommodity-Ring Location Routing Problem.	Lucas Létocart
The Multiscale Systems Immunology project: software for cell-based immunological simulation.	Timothy A. Lucas
The Möbius Function of the Consecutive Pattern Poset.	Luca Ferrari
The NHGRI GWAS Catalog, a curated resource of SNP-trait associations.	Lucia Hindorff
The New About News: How Print, Online, Free, and Mobile Coconstruct New Audiences in Italy, France, Spain, the UK, and Germany.	Federico De Luca
The Nomage resource. Compare theoretical expectations with observations of linguistic behavior of nominalizations in corpus.	Lucie Barque
The Normalized Differential Spectral Sensitivity Approach Applied to the Retrieval of Tropospheric Water Vapor Fields Using a Constellation of Corotating LEO Satellites.	Luca Facheris
The OSIRIDE-Intertest Initiative: Status and Trends.	Luciano Lenzini
The Open Provenance Model core specification (v1.1).	Luc Moreau
The Opportunities, Challenges and Risks of High Performance Computing in Computational Science and Engineering.	Robert F. Lucas
The OptIPortal, a scalable visualization, storage, and computing interface device for the OptiPuter.	Luc Renambot
The Option-Critic Architecture.	Pierre-Luc Bacon
The Origins of Ontologies and Communication Conventions in Multi-Agent Systems.	Luc Steels
The Origins of Syntax in Visually Grounded Robotic Agents.	Luc Steels
The PLEX Cards and its techniques as sources of inspiration when designing for playfulness.	Andrés Lucero
The Packing Radius of a Code and Partitioning Problems: the Case for Poset Metrics	Rafael Gregorio Lucas D'Oliveira
The Page-Rényi Parking Process.	Lucas Gerin
The Parallel Complexity of Positive Linear Programming.	Luca Trevisan
The Pascal Visual Object Classes (VOC) Challenge.	Luc J. Van Gool
The Pascal Visual Object Classes Challenge: A Retrospective.	Luc J. Van Gool
The Path-A metabolic pathway prediction web server.	Luca Pireddu
The PennBMBI: Design of a General Purpose Wireless Brain-Machine-Brain Interface System.	Timothy H. Lucas
The Perception of Information and Advertisement Screens Mounted in Public Transportation Vehicles.	Lucas Paletta
The Persuasive Effect of Social Network Feedback on Mediated Communication: A Case Study in a Real Organization.	Luciano Gamberini
The Phagocyte Lattice of Dyck Words.	Jean-Luc Baril
The Philosophy of Presence: From Epistemic Failure to Successful Observation.	Luciano Floridi
The Player Kernel: Learning Team Strengths Based on Implicit Player Contributions.	Lucas Maystre
The Power of Local Information in PageRank.	Luca Pretto
The Power of Local Information in Social Networks	Brendan Lucier
The Power of the Queue.	Luc Longpré
The Preference Functions Method for Predicting Protein Helical Turns with Membrane Propensity.	Ana Lucin
The Price of Anarchy in Large Games.	Brendan Lucier
The ProLiCES Approach to Develop Product Lines for Safety-Critical Embedded Systems and its Application to the Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Domain.	Luciano de Oliveira Neris
The Program-Enumeration Bottleneck in Average-Case Complexity Theory.	Luca Trevisan
The Protist Ribosomal Reference database (PR2): a catalog of unicellular eukaryote Small Sub-Unit rRNA sequences with curated taxonomy.	Lucie Bittner
The Proximal Average: Basic Theory.	Yves Lucet
The Purchasable Chemical Space: A Detailed Picture.	Xavier Lucas
The QUANTUM Question Answering System.	Luc Plamondon
The Quantum-Classical Transition as an Information Flow.	Luciano Zunino
The Quest for Equational Axiomatizations of Parallel Composition: Status and Open Problems.	Luca Aceto
The RE-UWA approach to recover user centered conceptual models from Web applications.	Mario Luca Bernardi
The RE-UWA approach to recover user centered conceptual models from Web applications.	Giuseppe A. Di Lucca
The ROV 3D Project: Deep-Sea Underwater Survey Using Photogrammetry: Applications for Underwater Archaeology.	Luc Long
The Ramsey Number for 3-Uniform Tight Hypergraph Cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
The Ramsey number for a triple of long even cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
The Ramsey number for hypergraph cycles I.	Tomasz Luczak
The Random Connection Model on the Torus.	Luc Devroye
The Rate of Beneficial Mutations Surfing on the Wave of a Range Expansion.	Luca Peliti
The Rational Index of the Dyck Language D'*-1.	Jean-Luc Deleage
The Rational Index: A Complexity Measure for Languages.	Luc Boasson
The Ray Space Transform: A New Framework for Wave Field Processing.	Lucio Bianchi
The Red Sage Project: An Experimental Digital Journal Library for the Health Sciences, A Descriptive Overview.	Richard E. Lucier
The Relationship between Ball Speed and Anthropometrical Characteristics among Professional Baseball Pitchers: a Hybrid Evolutionary Algorithm Approach.	Luca Valandro
The Relevance of Non-Generic Events in Scale Space Models.	Luc Florack
The Remote Sensing and GIS Software Library (RSGISLib).	Richard M. Lucas
The Replication Dilemma Unravelled: How Organizations Enact Multiple Goals in Routine Transfer.	Luciana D'Adderio
The Representation and Matching of Images Using Top Points.	Luc Florack
The Requirements of Using Provenance in e-Science Experiments.	Luc Moreau
The Riccati Equation (S. Bittanti, A. J. Laub, and J C. Willems).	Luca Disci
The Robust Traveling Salesman Problem with Interval Data.	Luca Maria Gambardella
The Role of Abduction in Database View Updating.	Luca Console
The Role of Adaptivity in MIMO Line-of-Sight Systems for High Capacity Backhauling.	Luca Reggiani
The Role of Agent Interaction in Models of Computing: Panelist Reviews.	Michael Luck
The Role of Back-Pressure in Implementing Latency-Insensitive Systems.	Luca P. Carloni
The Role of Collaboration on Process, Relational, and Product Innovations in a Supply Chain.	Luc Cassivi
The Role of Information Technology in Organization Design.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Role of Interactive Media Features on the Affective Response: a Virtual Reality Study.	Mauro Lucchetta
The Role of Ontology Engineering in Linked Data Publishing and Management: An Empirical Study.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
The Role of Orthogonal Polynomials in Tailoring Spherical Distributions to Kurtosis Requirements.	Luca Bagnato
The Role of Physical Layer Security in IoT: A Novel Perspective.	Luca Brilli
The Role of Temporo-parietal Cortex in Subcortical Visual Extinction.	Luca Francesco Ticini
The Rotation Graph of Binary Trees is Hamiltonian.	Joan M. Lucas
The Roundtable: An Abstract Model of Conversation Dynamics.	Lucas Lacasa
The STRANDS Project: Long-Term Autonomy in Everyday Environments.	Lucas Beyer
The Saturation Attack - a Bait for Twofish.	Stefan Lucks
The Schützenberger product for syntactic spaces.	Luca Reggio
The Second Law Today: Using Maximum-Minimum Entropy Generation.	Umberto Lucia
The Sense of Touch: Embodied Simulation in a Visuotactile Mirroring Mechanism for Observed Animate or Inanimate Touch.	Gian Luca Romani
The Set of Minimal Words of a Context-Free Language is Context-Free.	Luc Boasson
The Shapley and Banzhaf values in microarray games.	Roberto Lucchetti
The Shortest Common Superstring Problem and Viral Genome Compression.	Lucian Ilie
The Shortest Path to Happiness: Recommending Beautiful, Quiet, and Happy Routes in the City.	Luca Maria Aiello
The Social Climbing Game	Giancarlo De Luca
The Social Experience of Entertainment Media.	Haylee K. DeLuca
The Solid* toolset for software visual analytics of program structure and metrics comprehension: From research prototype to product.	Lucian Voinea
The Spider Environment.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
The Spin-Orbit Resonances of the Solar System: A Mathematical Treatment Matching Physical Data.	Luca Biasco
The Spread Optimization Problem	Luca Dall'Asta
The Stage Hypothesis and the S-Curve: Some Contradictory Evidence.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Stanford RNA Mapping Database for sharing and visualizing RNA structure mapping experiments	Julius B. Lucks
The State of ESL Design [Roundtable].	Luca Benini
The Strong Convergence of Maximal Degrees in Uniform Random Recursive Trees and Dags.	Luc Devroye
The Structure of Factor Oracles.	Lucian Ilie
The Structure-Property Models Can Be Improved Using the Orthogonalized Descriptors.	Bono Lucic
The Supremacy of Techno-Governance: Privatization of Digital Content and Consumer Protection in the Globalized Information Society.	Nicola Lucchi
The SwissLipids knowledgebase for lipid biology.	Lucila Aimo
The Symbiotic Relationship of Parts and Monolithic Face Representations in Verification.	Simon Lucey
The Symmetries of the $\pi$-metric	Luciano Panek
The Synthesis Problem for Elementary Net Systems is NP-Complete.	Luca Bernardinello
The Systems Biology Markup Language (SBML): Language Specification for Level 3 Version 1 Core.	Lucian P. Smith
The TMN Program in EURESCOM.	Luc Mathan
The TREND Meter: Monitoring the Energy Consumption of Networked Devices.	Luca Chiaraviglio
The TX16: A Highly Programmable Multi-microprocessor Architecture.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
The Tap and Slide Keyboard: A New Interaction Method for Mobile Device Text Entry.	Luca Paolino
The Temporal Precedence Problem.	Luc Longpré
The Theory behind Theory Mine.	Lucas Dixon
The Third International Timetabling Competition.	Luca Di Gaspero
The Three-Phase Common-Mode Inductor: Modeling and Design Issues.	Luca Dalessandro
The Times They Are A-Changin'.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
The Timoshenko system with history and Cattaneo law.	Luci Harue Fatori
The Topological Structure of Scale-Space Images.	Luc Florack
The Total Variation of Bounded Variation Functions to Evaluate and Rank Fuzzy Quantities.	Luca Anzilli
The Translational Medicine Ontology and Knowledge Base: driving personalized medicine by bridging the gap between bench and bedside.	Joanne S. Luciano
The Tree-Star Problem: A Formulation and a Branch-and-Cut Algorithm.	Abilio Lucena
The UNLOCK system: enhancing problem solving skills in CS-1 students.	Richard Lucas
The USFD Spoken Language Translation System for IWSLT 2014.	Lucia Specia
The Undecimated Wavelet Decomposition and its Reconstruction.	Jean-Luc Starck
The Use of Mobile Technology in Management and Risk Control in the Supply Chain: The Case of a Brazilian Beef Chain.	Luciana Marques Vieira
The Use of Petri Nets for the Design and Verification of Asynchronous Circuits and Systems.	Luciano Lavagno
The Use of Videogames as Complementary Therapeutic Tool for Cognitive Behavioral Therapy in Bulimia Nervosa Patients.	Mikkel Lucas
The Use of an Interactive Information Storage and Retrieval System in Medical Research.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Use of the Discrete Sugeno Integral in Decision-Making: A Survey.	Jean-Luc Marichal
The Use of the Ordered Orthogonalized Multivariate Linear Regression in a Structure-Activity Study of Coumarin and Flavonoid Derivatives as Inhibitors of Aldose Reductase.	Bono Lucic
The VEPSY UPDATED Project: Clinical Rationale and Technical Approach.	Luciano Gamberini
The VEPSY Updated Project: Virtual Reality in Clinical Psychology.	Luciano Gamberini
The Value of IT-Enabled Retailer Learning: Personalized Product Recommendations and Customer Store Loyalty in Electronic Markets.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The Vertex-Connectivity Index Revisited.	Bono Lucic
The View-Update Problem for Indefinite Databases	Luciano Caroprese
The Virtual Image in Streaming Video Indexing.	Luca Petraglia
The Voronoi-Delaunay approach for the free volume analysis of a packing of balls in a cylindrical container.	V. A. Luchnikov
The Walk-Man Robot Software Architecture.	Lucia Pallottino
The Walk-Man Robot Software Architecture.	Luca Muratore
The War against the Taliban: Tactical Operations and Strategic Moves.	Lucía Martínez Ordóñez
The Web Science Observatory - The Challenges of Analytics over Distributed Linked Data Infrastructures.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
The Web-OEM approach to Web information extraction.	Luca Iocchi
The What? and How? of education and training for information professionals in a changing world: some experiences from Wales, Slovakia and the Asia-Pacific region.	Lucy A. Tedd
The Winner's Curse in High Tech.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The WorldGrid transatlantic testbed: a successful example of Grid interoperability across EU and U.S. domains	Luca Vaccarossa
The XTOR code for nonlinear 3D simulations of MHD instabilities in tokamak plasmas.	Jean-François Luciani
The anatomy of extended limbic pathways in Asperger syndrome: A preliminary diffusion tensor imaging tractography study.	Luca Pugliese
The ancestral relation without classes.	Kenneth G. Lucey
The approximability of non-Boolean satisfiability problems and restricted integer programming.	Luca Trevisan
The architecture of the Earth System Modeling Framework.	Cecelia DeLuca
The art of video MashUp: supporting creative users with an innovative and smart application.	Luca Console
The average baboon brain: MRI templates and tissue probability maps from 89 individuals.	Jean-Luc Anton
The balanced academic curriculum problem revisited.	Luca Di Gaspero
The bank of things: An empirical investigation on the profitability of the financial services of the future.	Luca Dezi
The behavioral meaning of the median.	Luciano Sánchez
The bicepstral distance between random signals: A new tool for comparison of ARMA models identification methods based on higher-order statistics.	Jean-Luc Vuattoux
The biology and technology of intelligent autonomous agents.	Luc Steels
The bug report duplication problem: an exploratory study.	Daniel Lucrédio
The calculation of excited-state polarizabilities of solvated molecules.	Luca Frediani
The call-by-value [lambda]-calculus: a semantic investigation.	Luca Roversi
The case for ethernet in automotive communications.	Lucia Lo Bello
The cell cycle DB: a systems biology approach to cell cycle analysis.	Luciano Milanesi
The challenge of modelling aggregated human behaviour.	Lucas Jódar
The challenge of using the W band in satellite communication.	Marco Luccini
The chromatic number of random graphs at the double jump threshold.	Tomasz Luczak
The chromatic number of random graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
The citer-success-index: a citer-based indicator to select a subset of elite papers.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
The coalition structure core is accessible.	Luc Lauwers
The cobbler's children: usability in the lab.	Peter Lucas
The cognitive and behavioral mediation of institutions: Towards an account of institutional actions.	Luca Tummolini
The combinatorics of tandem duplication.	Luca Penso Dolfin
The complementary error matrix function and its role solving coupled diffusion mathematical models.	Lucas Jódar
The complexity of Solitaire.	Luc Longpré
The complexity of XPath query evaluation and XML typing.	Luc Segoufin
The computer and the brain: Perspectives on human and artificial intelligence : Jean R. Brink, C. Roland Haden, eds., Chritopher Burawa, assistant ed., (North-Holland, Amsterdam, 1989) XVI + 263 pp., 38 figures, hardcover, US $ 58.00.	Luc P. Lindström
The computer generation of poisson random variables.	Luc Devroye
The connection machine opportunity for the implementation of a concurrent functional language.	Luca Spampinato
The connectivity threshold for the min-degree random graph process.	Tomasz Luczak
The contribution of AI to enhance understanding of Cultural Heritage.	Luciana Bordoni
The conversion matrix between uniform B-spline and Be'zier representations.	Lucia Romani
The cooperation of swarm-bots: physical interactions in collective robotics.	Luca Maria Gambardella
The course timetabling problem: theory and practice.	Luca Di Gaspero
The creation of line drawings as a basis for feature-based stereo vision.	Luc J. Van Gool
The creative link: Investigating the relationship between social network indices, creative performance and flow in blended teams.	Luca Milani
The critical behavior of random digraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
The crosscutting impact of the AOSD Brazilian research community.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
The curvelet transform for image denoising.	Jean-Luc Starck
The d-Logic of the Rational Numbers: A Fruitful Construction.	Joel Lucero-Bryan
The d-logic of the real line.	Joel Gregory Lucero-Bryan
The dMARS Architecture: A Specification of the Distributed Multi-Agent Reasoning System.	Michael Luck
The deal.II Library, Version 8.1.	Luca Heltai
The deconvolution of seismic data as a fluctuation analysis.	Liacir dos Santos Lucena
The defensive use of IT in a newly vulnerable market: The New York Stock Exchange, 1980-2007.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
The deletable Bloom filter: a new member of the Bloom family.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
The descriptive set-theoretical complexity of the embeddability relation on models of large size.	Luca Motto Ros
The design of dynamical observers for hybrid systems: Theory and application to an automotive control problem.	Luca Benvenuti
The development of an integrated psychosocial approach to effective usability of 3D Virtual Environments for Cybertherapy.	Luca Menti
The development of corpus callosum microstructure and associations with bimanual task performance in healthy adolescents.	Monica Luciana
The development of the system supporting the residents of the facility for the elderly based on the "smart home" technologies.	Lucjan Stalmach
The diagnosis related groups enhanced electronic medical record.	Marcel Lucas Müller
The diameter of total domination vertex critical graphs.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
The dilation of the Delaunay triangulation is greater than π/2	Luc Devroye
The direct kinematics of parallel manipulators under joint-sensor redundancy.	Luc Baron
The discrete ellipsoid covering problem: A discrete geometric programming approach.	Lucídio dos Anjos Formiga Cabral
The double CFTP method.	Luc Devroye
The dynamics of exchanges and references among scientific texts, and the autopoiesis of discursive knowledge.	Diana Lucio-Arias
The edge-disjoint path problem on random graphs by message-passing.	Luca Dall'Asta
The effect of database dirty data on h-index calculation.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
The effect of text messaging on 9- and 10-year-old children's reading, spelling and phonological processing skills.	Lucy Hart
The effects of channel-estimation errors on a space-time spreading CDMA system with dual transmit and dual receive diversity.	Lucy L. Chong
The effects of coarticulation and morphological complexity on the production of English coda clusters: Acoustic and articulatory evidence from 2-year-olds and adults using ultrasound.	Lucie Ménard
The effects of femoral neck cut, cable tension, and muscles forces on the greater trochanter fixation.	Luc P. Cloutier
The effects of gender variety and power disparity on group cognitive complexity in collaborative learning groups.	Petru Lucian Curseu
The effects of spacing and titles on judgments of the effectiveness of structured abstracts.	Lucy Betts
The effects of topography on mechanisms of radar backscatter from coniferous forest and upland pasture.	Adrian J. Luckman
The efficiency of bonus-or-terminate incentive schemes under subjective evaluations.	Lucas Maestri
The elsewheres of product engagement.	Lucy Hughes
The emergence and evolution of linguistic structure: from lexical to grammatical communication systems.	Luc Steels
The end of a paradigm: is Zipf's law universal?	Lucien Benguigui
The enduring scandal of deduction.	Luciano Floridi
The energy impact of security mechanisms in modern mobile devices.	Luca Caviglione
The ensemble Kalman filter is an ABC algorithm.	Lucy Marshall
The equational theory of prebisimilarity over basic CCS with divergence.	Luca Aceto
The ethylene group as a peptide bond mimicking unit: A theoretical conformational analysis.	Lucjan Piela
The eukaryotic linear motif resource ELM: 10 years and counting.	Lucía B. Chemes
The evaluation of American options in a stochastic volatility model with jumps: An efficient finite element approach.	Luca Vincenzo Ballestra
The evaluation of the decision support system for colon cancer treatment based on the information profiles integrating clinical and genetic data.	Lucjan Stalmach
The evolution of organisations' search strategies for knowledge.	Leyland M. Lucas
The evolution of organizations and the development of appropriate knowledge structures.	Leyland M. Lucas
The evolving perception of controversial movies.	Luca Amendola
The expected bit complexity of the von Neumann rejection algorithm.	Luc Devroye
The expressive power of the shuffle product.	Luc Boasson
The fault dropping problem in concurrent event-driven simulation.	Pier Luca Montessoro
The federal nursing minimum basic data set and hospital management in Belgium: A case study of a nursing department.	Luc Delesie
The financial perspective of the mobile networks in Europe.	Lucien Budry
The firing squad synchronization problem on CA with multiple updating cycles.	Luca Manzoni
The first functional demonstration of optical virtual concatenation as a technique for achieving Terabit networking.	Luc Renambot
The fluid dynamic approach to equidistribution methods for grid adaptation.	Gian Luca Delzanno
The forward kinematics of the 6-6 parallel manipulator using an evolutionary algorithm based on generalized generation gap with parent-centric crossover.	Luc Rolland
The free flow of information: an utopia? Ways to improve scientific and technological information and its international exchange.	Reiner Luckenbach
The generalized Radon transform: Sampling, accuracy and memory considerations.	Lucas J. van Vliet
The generalized balanced academic curriculum problem with heterogeneous classes.	Luca Di Gaspero
The generating graph of some monolithic groups.	Andrea Lucchini
The genetic code and its optimization for kinetic energy conservation in polypeptide chains.	Jean-Luc Jestin
The geometry of rank decompositions of matrix multiplication I: 2x2 matrices.	Luca Chiantini
The global lambda visualization facility: An international ultra-high-definition wide-area visualization collaboratory.	Luc Renambot
The graph structure of a deterministic automaton chosen at random: full version.	Luc Devroye
The greening potential of content delivery in residential community networks.	Luca Tavanti
The growth of international VSAT: Satellite-based solutions for data, voice and video.	Lucy Henner
The growth of laguerre matrix polynomials on bounded intervals.	Lucas Jódar
The height of increasing trees.	Luc Devroye
The heresy and the sport of information systems.	Luca Giustiniano
The hierarchical agglomerative clustering with Gower index: A methodology for automatic design of OLAP cube in ecological data processing context.	Lucile Sautot
The hierarchical structure of images.	Luc Florack
The high wire balancing act of the IS project director.	Lucie Léveillé
The higher order theory of generalized almost-cyclostationary time series.	Luciano Izzo
The iCub humanoid robot: An open-systems platform for research in cognitive development.	Luciano Fadiga
The identification of short linear motif-mediated interfaces within the human interactome.	Katja Luck
The identification of the relationship between chemical and electrical parameters of honeys using artificial neural networks.	Deta Luczycka
The impact of IXPs on the AS-level topology structure of the Internet.	Luciano Lenzini
The impact of RF technologies and EPC standard on the fresh vegetables supply chain.	Luca Mainetti
The impact of an innovative instructional intervention on the acquisition of oral presentation skills in higher education.	Luc De Grez
The impact of continuous and discontinuous alliance strategies on startup innovation performance.	Luc Sels
The impact of image and class structure upon sub-pixel mapping accuracy using the pixel-swapping algorithm.	Peter Luciani
The impact of temporal regularization on estimates of the BOLD hemodynamic response function: A comparative analysis.	Lucie Yang
The impact of the ATM concept on video coding.	Luc Pinnoo
The impact of the access point power model on the energy-efficient management of infrastructured wireless LANs.	Luca Tavanti
The impact of trust and reputation on the transfer of best practices.	Leyland M. Lucas
The impact of word processing on writing behaviour: the interaction of faculty and their secretaries.	Lucio Teles
The importance of human relationships in scientific productivity.	Lucia Fonseca
The industrial indoor channel: large-scale and temporal fading at 900, 2400, and 5200 MHz.	Luc Martens
The influence of source cues and topic familiarity on credibility evaluation.	Teun Lucassen
The influence of variables on pseudo-Boolean functions with applications to game theory and multicriteria decision making.	Jean-Luc Marichal
The influence of website dimensionality on customer experiences, perceptions and behavioral intentions: An exploration of 2D vs. 3D web design.	Lucian L. Visinescu
The innovative model of the Virtual Development Office for collaborative networked enterprises: the GPT network case study.	Luca Cagnazzo
The internet and the changing nature of intelligence.	Lucy Resnyansky
The interrelationship of atmospheric correction of reflectances and surface BRDF retrieval: a sensitivity study.	Wolfgang Lucht
The introduction of a design heuristics extraction method.	Lucienne T. M. Blessing
The irregularity strength of circulant graphs.	Jean-Luc Baril
The joint-limits and singularity avoidance in robotic welding.	Luc Baron
The k-Cardinality Tree Problem: Reformulations and Lagrangian Relaxation.	Abilio Lucena
The k-dissimilar vehicle routing problem.	Luca Talarico
The l2 anti-windup problem for discrete-time linear systems: Definition and solutions.	Luca Zaccarian
The landscape of GPGPU performance modeling tools.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
The large deviations of the whitening process in random constraint satisfaction problems.	Luca Dall'Asta
The learner centric ecology of resources: A framework for using technology to scaffold learning.	Rosemary Luckin
The life cycle of a customized communication device for a child with cerebral palsy: contributions toward the PD4CAT method.	Luciana Correia Lima De Faria Borges
The life cycle of a customized communication device for a child with cerebral palsy: contributions toward the PD4CAT method.	Lucia Vilela Leite Filgueiras
The local catenativity of DOL-sequences in free communitative monoids is decidable in the binary case.	Jean-Luc Lambert
The logic and philosophy of information corner: Presentation and call for papers.	Luciano Floridi
The long-term preservation of accurate and authentic digital data: the INTERPARES project.	Luciana Duranti
The longest common extension problem revisited and applications to approximate string searching.	Lucian Ilie
The magic of logical inference in probabilistic programming.	Luc De Raedt
The matching of electrostatic extrema: A useful method in drug design? A study of phosphodiesterase III inhibitors.	Baldo Lucchese
The max quasi-independent set problem.	Giorgio Lucarelli
The max-distance network creation game on general host graphs.	Luciano Gualà
The max-plus algebra of the natural numbers has no finite equational basis.	Luca Aceto
The maximum diameter of total domination edge-critical graphs.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
The maximum weight stable set problem in $(P_6, \mbox{bull})$-free graphs.	Lucas Pastor
The media effect in Axelrod's model explained	Lucas R. Peres
The microwave radiometer aboard ERS-1. II. Validation of the geophysical products.	Luc Tabary
The microwave radiometer aboard ERS-1.1. Characteristics and performances.	Luc Tabary
The minimal dominant set is a non-empty core-extension.	Luc Lauwers
The minimum shift design problem.	Luca Di Gaspero
The mixed directional difference-summation algorithm for generating the Bézier net of a trivariate four-direction Box-spline.	Lucia Romani
The modal µ-calculus hierarchy over restricted classes of transition systems.	Luca Alberucci
The motor preparation of directionally incompatible movements.	Giuliana Lucci
The multicriteria analysis for construction of benchmarkers to support the Clinical Engineering in the Healthcare Technology Management.	Luciano de Moraes
The museum of errors/horrors in Scopus.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
The need for adaptive dynamic thread scheduling in simultaneous multithreading.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
The nonlinear bending-torsion theory for curved rods as \varGamma \varGamma -limit of three-dimensional elasticity.	Lucia Scardia
The notion of roughness of a fuzzy set.	Luciano Sánchez
The number of Hamiltonian paths in a rectangular grid.	Lucia B. Krompart
The number of connected sparsely edged uniform hypergraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
The obstacle avoidance motion planning problem for autonomous vehicles: A low-demanding receding horizon control scheme.	Walter Lucia
The ontological screening of contemporary life: a phenomenological analysis of screens.	Lucas D. Introna
The opendata geoportal of the Lamma Consortium.	Luca Fibbi
The operational tools for managing physical interdependencies among critical infrastructures.	Luciano Morabito
The optimal decay rate for a weak dissipative Bresse system.	Luci Harue Fatori
The optimal order of processing sensor information in sequential multisensor fusion algorithms.	Lucy Y. Pao
The optimal searcher path problem with a visibility criterion in discrete time and space.	Luc Lamontagne
The packing radius of a code and partitioning problems: The case for poset metrics on finite vector spaces.	Rafael Gregorio Lucas D'Oliveira
The painful face - Pain expression recognition using active appearance models.	Simon Lucey
The participact mobile crowd sensing living lab: The testbed for smart cities.	Luca Foschini
The path to success in auditory spatial discrimination: Electrical neuroimaging responses within the supratemporal plane predict performance outcome.	Lucas Spierer
The perfect matching polytope and solid bricks.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
The phase behavior of n-alkane systems.	Angelo Lucia
The phase transition in the cluster-scaled model of a random graph.	Malwina J. Luczak
The phase transition in the cluster-scaled model of a random graph.	Tomasz Luczak
The phase transition in the evolution of random digraphs.	Tomasz Luczak
The piecewise linear-quadratic model for computational convex analysis.	Yves Lucet
The politics of attention contextualized: gaze but not arrow cuing of attention is moderated by political temperament.	Luciana Carraro
The power of reachability testing for timed automata.	Luca Aceto
The pragmatics of truth functions.	Lucio Chiaraviglio
The price of envy-freeness in machine scheduling.	Luca Moscardelli
The price of stability in selfish scheduling games.	Lucas Agussurja
The price of stability of fair undirected broadcast games is constant.	Luca Moscardelli
The problem of a mouse in a maze.	Luca Majocchi
The production of information in the attention economy.	Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia
The profitability of small horizontal mergers with nonlinear demand functions.	Luca Lambertini
The programmatic semantics of binary predicator calculi.	Lucio Chiaraviglio
The prospects of a quantitative measurement of agility: A validation study on an agile maturity model.	Lucas Gren
The provenance of electronic data.	Luc Moreau
The pruning-grafting lattice of binary trees.	Jean-Luc Baril
The psychology of online searching.	Lucinda D. Conger
The puzzle of language evolution.	Luc Steels
The puzzle of the hats.	Luc Bovens
The quadratic regulator problem and the Riccati equation for a process governed by a linear Volterra integrodifferential equations.	Luciano Pandolfi
The quantification of pollutants in drinking water by use of artificial neural networks.	Luca Bianco
The quantitative evaluation of the economic impact of e-government: A structural modelling approach.	Lucio Picci
The quest for LEDBAT fairness	Luca Muscariello
The rank convergence of HITS can be slow	Luca Pretto
The rationale of PROV.	Luc Moreau
The reduced gradient method for solving redundancy in robot arms.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
The refoundation of the symmetric equilibrium in Schumpeterian growth models.	Luca Zamparelli
The relationship between advisors and students.	Lucia Fonseca
The representation of medical reasoning models in resolution-based theorem provers.	Peter J. F. Lucas
The robot in the mirror.	Luc Steels
The robust shortest path problem with interval data via Benders decomposition.	Luca Maria Gambardella
The role of HCI models in service front-end development.	Lucio Davide Spano
The role of actin in capacitation-related signaling: an in silico and in vitro study.	Pia Lucidi
The role of actions in auditory object discrimination.	Marzia De Lucia
The role of blood vessels in high-resolution volume conductor head modeling of EEG.	Felix Lucka
The role of centrality for the identification of influential spreaders in complex networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
The role of commitment in bilateral trade.	Lucas Maestri
The role of iPads in pre-school children's mark making development.	Lucrezia Crescenzi
The role of joint collaboration planning actions in a demand-driven supply chain.	Luc Cassivi
The role of life cycle concepts in the assessment of interorganizational alignment.	Luc Cassivi
The role of scientific publication in times of change.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
The role of selective attention and action selection in the development of multiple action capabilities.	Luca Simione
The role of the law enforcement agencies in transport security, a survey with Swedish operators.	Luca Urciuoli
The role of the library in a new learning scenario.	Luciana Bordoni
The roundtable: an abstract model of conversation dynamics	Lucas Lacasa
The scientific dynamics of a city: A study of chemistry in Marseille from 1981 to the present.	Luc Quoniam
The second largest component in the supercritical 2D Hamming graph.	Malwina J. Luczak
The set of Lyndon words is not context-free.	Luc Boasson
The size of the largest hole in a random graph.	Tomasz Luczak
The sonification space: A reference system for sonification tasks.	Luca A. Ludovico
The speed of convergence in congestion games under best-response dynamics.	Luca Moscardelli
The structure of conversations on social networks: Between dialogic and dialectic threads.	Luciano Fratocchi
The success-index: an alternative approach to the h-index for evaluating an individual's research output.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
The supply chain management-marketing interface in product development: An exploratory study.	Lucio Lamberti
The synthesis approach to analysing educational design dataset: Application of three scaffolds to a learning by design task for postgraduate education students.	Lucila Carvalho
The systems biology markup language (SBML): a medium for representation and exchange of biochemical network models.	D. Lucio
The therapist user interface of a virtual reality exposure therapy system in the treatment of fear of flying.	Lucy T. Gunawan
The timing of exploratory decision-making revealed by single-trial topographic EEGanalyses.	Marzia De Lucia
The topological approach to the aggregation of preferences.	Luc Lauwers
The traveling salesman problem with cumulative costs.	Lucio Bianco
The uniform convergence of nearest neighbor regression function estimators and their application in optimization.	Luc Devroye
The unitary completion and QR iterations for a class of structured matrices.	Luca Gemignani
The universal projection for computing data carried on the hemisphere.	Luc Masset
The use of emerging technologies for authentic learning: A South African study in higher education.	Lucy Alexander
The use of radial symmetry to localize retinal landmarks.	Lucia Ballerini
The use of receiver operating characteristic curves in biomedical informatics.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
The use of the scorecard in the management of production-operations.	Lucía Isabel García-Cebrián
The use of video in addressing anxiety prior to viva voce exams.	Lucy Dipper
The utility of different representations of protein sequence for predicting functional class.	Luc Dehaspe
The virtual reality Walking Corsi Test.	Daniele De Luca
The workshop on active internet measurements (AIMS) report.	Matthew J. Luckie
The yeast DNA polymerase I transcript is regulated in both the mitotic cell cycle and in meiosis and is also induced after DNA damage.	G. Lucchini
Theia: a tool for the forensic analysis of mobile devices pictures.	Ana Lucila Sandoval Orozco
Thematic land-cover map assimilation and synthesis: the case of locating potential bioenergy feedstock in eastern Ontario, Canada.	Peter Luciani
ThemeRiver: Visualizing Thematic Changes in Large Document Collections.	Lucy T. Nowell
Themengebiete der DeLFI-Tagungen und -Workshops und ihre Dynamik über die vergangenen Jahre.	Ulrike Lucke
Then and Now: On the Maturity of the Cybercrime Markets The Lesson That Black-Hat Marketeers Learned.	Luca Allodi
Theoretic and Experimental Approach to the Adoption of Bonded Magnets in Fractional Machines for Automotive Applications.	Luca Ferraris
Theoretical analysis and performance of the decorrelating detector for DS-CDMA signals in nonlinear channels.	Luca Rugini
Theoretical and experimental analysis for the RMS current ripple minimization in induction motor drives controlled by SVM technique.	Luca Zarri
Theoretical and experimental investigation on the stability of matrix converters.	Luca Zarri
Theoretical calculation of the coiled-coil stability in water in the context of its possible use as a molecular rack.	Lucjan Piela
Theoretical comparison of conformational properties of molecules: Conformational probability maps and similarity index.	Lucjan Piela
Theoretical derivation of the stochastic behavior of a WCDMA signal measured with a spectrum analyzer.	Luc Martens
Theoretical properties of sign change criteria for robust off-line estimation.	Luc Pronzato
Theoretical study of electronic properties of organic photovoltaic materials.	Alfredo Márquez-Lucero
Theoretical study of the internal conversion of sulfoxide precursors of poly-isothianaphthene and related polymers.	Luc Claes
Theories of Space-Time in Modern Physics.	Luciano Boi
Theory and Design of Adjacent Asymmetric Error Masking Codes.	Luca G. Tallini
Theory of latency-insensitive design.	Luca P. Carloni
Theory, algorithms and technology in the design of control systems.	Luc Dugard
There are plenty of places like home: Using relational representations in hierarchies for distance-based image understanding.	Luc De Raedt
Thermal Analysis and Interpolation Techniques for a Logic + WideIO Stacked DRAM Test Chip.	Luca Benini
Thermal Balancing Policy for Multiprocessor Stream Computing Platforms.	Luca Benini
Thermal Transient Measurements of an Ultra-Low-Power MOX Sensor.	Luca Abbati
Thermal and Energy Management of High-Performance Multicores: Distributed and Self-Calibrating Model-Predictive Controller.	Luca Benini
Thermal-hydraulic passive system reliability-based design approach.	Luciano Burgazzi
Thermally Induced Voltage Alteration (TIVA) applied to ESD induced failures.	N. Lucarelli
Thermodynamic characterization of networks using graph polynomials.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Thermoelectric Sensors as Microcalorimeter Load.	Luca Oberto
Thermoelectric Sensors as Microcalorimeter Load.	Luciano Brunetti
Thin Edges in Braces.	Cláudio Leonardo Lucchesi
Think Locally, Act Locally: The Detection of Small, Medium-Sized, and Large Communities in Large Networks.	Lucas G. S. Jeub
Thinking Like an Engineer: Using Engineering Habits of Mind and Signature Pedagogies to Redesign Engineering Education.	Bill Lucas
Thinking ahead: Prospects for public-service journalism in the new news world.	Lucas Graves
Three Homology Models of PAR2 Derived from Different Templates: Application to Antagonist Discovery.	Andrew J. Lucke
Three Techniques for Parallel Maintenance of a Minimum Spanning Tree under Batch of Updates.	Fabrizio Luccio
Three Theorems regarding Testing Graph Properties.	Luca Trevisan
Three dimensional view registration by a frequency domain technique.	Luca Lucchese
Three empirical studies on estimating the design effort of Web applications.	Luciano Baresi
Three theorems regarding testing graph properties.	Luca Trevisan
Three- to five-dimensional biomedical multisensor imaging for the assessment of neurological (dys)function.	Luc M. Bidaut
Three-Dimensional Assessment of Skin Wounds Using a Standard Digital Camera.	Yves Lucas
Three-Dimensional Facial Asymmetry in Attractive and Normal People from Childhood to Young Adulthood.	Luca Pisoni
Three-Dimensional Inverse Obstacle Scattering for Time Harmonic Acoustic Waves: A Numerical Method.	Luciano Misici
Three-Dimensional RF MEMS Switch for Power Applications.	Stepan Lucyszyn
Three-dimensional FEM simulations of thermomechanical stresses in 1.55 mum Laser modules.	Jean-Luc Goudard
Three-dimensional Random Voronoi Tessellations: From Cubic Crystal Lattices to Poisson Point Processes	Valerio Lucarini
Three-dimensional acquisition of large and detailed cultural heritage objects.	Luca Carosso
Three-dimensional boundary conditions for direct and large-eddy simulation of compressible viscous flows.	Luc Vervisch
Three-dimensional event visualization for the ATLAS calorimeter.	Luciano M. de Andrade Filho
Three-dimensional motion estimation of objects for video coding.	Luciano Sbaiz
Three-dimensional protein structure prediction: Methods and computational strategies.	Luciana S. Buriol
Three-feature model to reproduce the topology of citation networks and the effects from authors' visibility on their h-index	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Three-feature model to reproduce the topology of citation networks and the effects from authors' visibility on their h-index.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Three-level logic minimization based on function regularities.	Fabrizio Luccio
Threshold protocols in survivor set systems.	Lucia Draque Penso
Thresholding Images of Historical Documents Using a Tsallis-Entropy Based Algorithm.	Luciana A. Schuler
Throttling-Based Resource Management in High Performance Multithreaded Architectures.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Throughput analysis and optimal configuration of 802.11e EDCA.	Luca Vollero
Throughput-driven floorplanning with wire pipelining.	Luca Macchiarulo
Tight Bounds for Selfish and Greedy Load Balancing.	Luca Moscardelli
Tight Integrality Gaps for Lovasz-Schrijver LP Relaxations of Vertex Cover and Max Cut.	Luca Trevisan
Tight Upper Bounds on the Probability of Error of Quaternary Simplex Signals.	Luca Rugini
Tight Upper and Lower Bounds to the Information Rate of the Phase Noise Channel	Luca Barletta
Tight bounds for k-set agreement with limited-scope failure detectors.	Lucia Draque Penso
Tight end-to-end per-flow delay bounds in FIFO multiplexing sink-tree networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Tikhonov, Ivanov and Morozov regularization for support vector machine learning.	Luca Oneto
Tile-based QCA design using majority-like logic primitives.	Luca Schiano
Tiled top-down combinatorial pyramids for large images representation.	Luc Brun
Time Domain Diakoptic Analysis Based on Reduced-Order State Equations.	Lucia Dumitriu
Time Marching Multilevel Techniques for Evolutionary Dissipative Problems.	Lucia Dettori
Time Periodic Solutions for the Nonlinear Wave Equation with Long Minimal Period.	Luca Biasco
Time consistent fiscal policies in a Ramsey economy.	Luca Lambertini
Time dependent vehicle routing problem with a multi ant colony system.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Time domain functional NIRS imaging for human brain mapping.	Lucia Zucchelli
Time to Tango: Expertise and contextual anticipation during action observation.	Lucía Amoruso
Time to Tango: Expertise and contextual anticipation during action observation.	Lucas Sedeño
Time-Delay Systems: Design of Delay-Free and Low-Order Observers.	Tyrone Lucius Fernando
Time-Frequency Analysis for Second-Order Attacks.	Jean-Luc Danger
Time-Resolved Photoluminescence Spectroscopy and Imaging: New Approaches to the Analysis of Cultural Heritage and Its Degradation.	Lucia Toniolo
Time-Varying Surrogate Data to Assess Nonlinearity in Nonstationary Time Series: Application to Heart Rate Variability.	Luca Faes
Time-dependent 3D Data Sets Rendering: an Extension of the Morphing Technique.	Laurent Lucas
Time-dependent traveling salesman problem-the deliveryman case.	Abilio Lucena
Time-division-multiplexed arbitration in silicon nanophotonic networks-on-chip for high-performance chip multiprocessors.	Luca P. Carloni
Time-frequency parameters of the surface myoelectric signal for assessing muscle fatigue during cyclic dynamic contractions.	Carlo J. De Luca
Time-scale dependence in numerical simulations: Assessment of physical, chemical, and biological predictions in a stratified lake at temporal scales of hours to months.	Lucas Beversdorf
Time-varying delay measurement of video capture-to-display components with application to visual servoing.	Gian Luca Foresti
TimeClust: a clustering tool for gene expression time series.	Lucia Sacchi
Timed Automata with non-Instantaneous Actions.	Luca Tesei
Timed Operational Semantics and Well-Formedness of Shape Calculus.	Luca Tesei
Timed P Automata.	Luca Tesei
Timed P Automata.	Luca Tesei
Timed Semantics of Message Sequence Charts Based on Timed Automata.	Philipp Lucas
Timed automata with urgent transitions.	Luca Tesei
Timed process calculi with deterministic or stochastic delays: Commuting between durational and durationless actions.	Luca Tesei
Timely Event Detection by Networked Learners.	Luca Canzian
Timing and Causality in Process Algebra.	Luca Aceto
Timing verification using statically sensitizable paths.	Luc J. M. Claesen
Timing-Error-Tolerant Network-on-Chip Design Methodology.	Luca Benini
Tin oxide gas sensing: comparison among different measurement techniques for gas mixture classification.	Luca Tondi
To Zero or to Hold Control Inputs With Lossy Links?	Luca Schenato
To a cultural perspective of mixed reality events: a case study of event overflow in operas and concerts in mixed reality.	Jean-François Lucas
To what extent could we detect field defects? An extended empirical study of false negatives in static bug-finding tools.	Lucia
Token Relabeling in a Tagged Token Data-Flow Architecure.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Tolerance synthesis: quantifier notion and virtual boundary.	Luc Mathieu
Tolerant or intolerant character of interacting criteria in aggregation by the Choquet integral.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Tolerating Radiation-Induced Transient Faults in Modern Processors.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Toleration and the Design of Norms.	Luciano Floridi
Tool wear assessment based on type-2 fuzzy uncertainty estimation on acoustic emission.	Luc Baron
Tools Enabling Online Contributions by Older Adults.	Luca Cernuzzi
Tools for Brain-Computer Interaction: A General Concept for a Hybrid BCI.	Luca Tonin
Tools for cryptographic protocols analysis: A technical and experimental comparison.	Luca Durante
Tools for parsimonious edge-colouring of graphs with maximum degree three	Jean-Luc Fouquet
Top-Down Connections in Self-Organizing Hebbian Networks: Topographic Class Grouping.	Matthew D. Luciw
Top-Down Induction of First-Order Logical Decision Trees.	Luc De Raedt
Top-down induction of clustering trees	Luc De Raedt
Topic familiarity and information skills in online credibility evaluation.	Teun Lucassen
Topic segmentation via community detection in complex networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Topic-focus articulation and anaphoric relations: corpus based probe.	Lucie Kucová
Topics in automotive networking [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Topics in automotive networking [Series editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Topics in automotive networking and applications [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Topics in automotive networking and applications [Series Editorial].	Luca Delgrossi
Topographical maps of orientation specificity.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Topological Characterization of Complex Systems: Using Persistent Entropy.	Luca Tesei
Topological Completeness of Logics above S4.	Joel Lucero-Bryan
Topological Entropy and Secondary Folding.	Jean-Luc Thiffeault
Topological Entropy of Braids on the Torus.	Jean-Luc Thiffeault
Topological Optimization of Rod-Stirring Devices.	Jean-Luc Thiffeault
Topological characterization of S[B] systems: From data to models of complexity.	Luca Tesei
Topological manipulators form an ultrafilter.	Luc Lauwers
Topological social choice.	Luc Lauwers
Topological-collaborative approach for disambiguating authors' names in collaborative networks.	Luciano da F. Costa
Topological-collaborative approach for disambiguating authors' names in collaborative networks.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Topology Control in Ad Hoc Networks: a MAC Layer Solution.	Luca Campelli
Topology Induced Coarsening in Language Games	Luca Dall'Asta
Topology-Based Performance Analysis and Optimization of Latency-Insensitive Systems.	Luca P. Carloni
Topology-based catalogue exploration framework for identifying view-enhanced tower designs.	Luc Wilson
Torpid mixing of the Wang-Swendsen-Kotecký algorithm for sampling colorings.	Tomasz Luczak
Torque Setpoint Tracking for Parallel Hybrid Electric Vehicles Using Dynamic Input Allocation.	Luca Zaccarian
Torque and torque components in high-speed permanent-magnet synchronous machines with a shielding cylinder.	Luc Dupré
Total Domination Edge Critical Graphs with Maximum Diameter.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Total Domination Edge Critical Graphs with Minimum Diameter.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Total domination critical graphs with respect to relative complements.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Total domination supercritical graphs with respect to relative complements.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Total edge critical graphs with leaves.	Lucas C. van der Merwe
Totally distributive categories and injective toposes	Rory B. B. Lucyshyn-Wright
Tourism Mobile Application Usability: The Case of iTicino.	Lucia Violi
Toward Conversational Human-Computer Interaction.	Lucian Galescu
Toward Formalizing Structured Analysis.	Luciano Baresi
Toward Generating Simpler QSAR Models: Nonlinear Multivariate Regression versus Several Neural Network Ensembles and Some Related Methods.	Bono Lucic
Toward Large-Scale Agent Guidance in an Urban Taxi Service	Lucas Agussurja
Toward Large-Scale Agent Guidance in an Urban Taxi Service.	Lucas Agussurja
Toward Long-Term and Accurate Augmented-Reality for Monocular Endoscopic Videos.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Toward Open Government in Paraguay.	Luca Cernuzzi
Toward Open-World Software: Issue and Challenges.	Luciano Baresi
Toward Optimal Classifier System Performance in Non-Markov Environments.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Toward Translating Design Constraints to Run-Time Assertions.	Luciano Baresi
Toward a Logical/Physical Theory of Spreadsheet Modeling.	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
Toward a New Scientific Visualization for the Language Sciences.	Luca Onnis
Toward a System's Environment for Computer Assisted Programming.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Toward a social web of intelligent things.	Luca Console
Toward a theory of generalization and learning in XCS.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Toward alternative metrics of journal impact: A comparison of download and citation data	Richard Luce
Toward alternative metrics of journal impact: A comparison of download and citation data.	Richard Luce
Toward an Information Visualization Workspace: Combining Multiple Means of Expression.	Peter Lucas 0002
Toward an architecture for quantum programming	Luciano Serafini
Toward an expert system for damage assessment of structural concrete elements.	Octavio Melchor-Lucero
Toward automatic GIS-video initial registration - And application to buildings textures computation.	Luce Morin
Toward automatic and flexible concept transfer.	Luca Marchesotti
Toward probabilistic real-time calculus.	Luca Santinelli
Toward self-describing and workflow integrated Earth system models: A coupled atmosphere-ocean modeling system application.	Cecelia DeLuca
Toward wide-scale all-optical transparent networking: the ACTS optical pan-European network (OPEN) project.	Luc Berthelon
Towards Abstraction-Based Verification of Shape Calculus.	Luca Tesei
Towards Action-Refinement in Process Algebras	Luca Aceto
Towards Adaptive and Scalable Context Aware Middleware.	Luca Foschini
Towards Benchmarking Scene Background Initialization.	Lucia Maddalena
Towards Combining Probabilistic and Interval Uncertainty in Engineering Calculations: Algorithms for Computing Statistics under Interval Uncertainty, and Their Computational Complexity.	Luc Longpré
Towards Controlling Refinements of Statecharts.	Levi Lucio
Towards Deep Neural Network Architectures Robust to Adversarial Examples.	Luca Rigazio
Towards Distributed BPEL Orchestrations.	Luciano Baresi
Towards Distributed Process Networks with CORBA.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Towards EDF schedulability analysis of an extended timing definition language.	Luca Santinelli
Towards Games for Knowledge Acquisition and Modeling.	Peter Lucas
Towards Higher-Order Types.	Lucília Figueiredo
Towards Independence: A BCI Telepresence Robot for People With Severe Motor Disabilities.	Luca Tonin
Towards Live Programming in ROS with PhaROS and LRP.	Luc Fabresse
Towards Merging Context-Aware, Mobile and Grid Computing.	Luciano Cavalheiro da Silva
Towards Real-Time Detection of Discrete Straight Features with a Hybrid Technique Based on Preliminary Curve Segmentation and Zoomed-Adaptive Parametric Mapping.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Towards Rich Change Management for Business Process Models.	Markus Luckey
Towards Systems That Care: A Conceptual Framework based on Motivation, Metacognition and Affect.	Rosemary Luckin
Towards Visual Type Theory as a Mathematical Tool and Mathematical User Interface.	Lucius Schoenbaum
Towards a Critical Systems Approach to Policy Formulation in Organizations.	S. Luckett
Towards a Flexible and Evolvable Framework for Self-Adaptation.	Lucas Provensi
Towards a Formal Semantics for UML/MARTE State Machines Based on Hierarchical Timed Automata.	Luciano Baresi
Towards a Graphene-Based Low Intensity Photon Counting Photodetector.	Andrea De Luca
Towards a Grid Infrastructure for hydro-Meteorological Research.	Luca Molini
Towards a Guidance System to Aid in the Dosimetry Calculation of Intraoperative Electron Radiation Therapy.	Lucía Vera
Towards a Hybrid Approach for Adapting Web Graphical User Interfaces to Heterogeneous Devices using Context.	Luciana A. M. Zaina
Towards a K Semantics for OCL.	Dorel Lucanu
Towards a New Quality Metric for 3-D Synthesized View Assessment.	Luce Morin
Towards a Notion of Transaction in Graph Rewriting.	Luciana Foss
Towards a Personal Health Management Assistant.	Lucian Galescu
Towards a Quantitative Analysis of Security Protocols.	Luca Viganò 0001
Towards a Secure Copyright Protection Infrastructure for e-Education Material: Principles Learned from Experience.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Towards a Society of Robots.	Lucia Pallottino
Towards a characterization of order-invariant queries over tame graphs.	Luc Segoufin
Towards a comprehensive treatment of repetitions, periodicity and temporal constraints in clinical guidelines.	Luca Anselma
Towards a new approach to query search engines: the Search Tree visual language.	Luca Paolino
Towards a protocol for the attachment of metadata to grid service descriptions and its use in semantic discovery.	Luc Moreau
Towards a protocol for the attachment of metadata to grid service descriptions and its use in semantic discovery.	Michael Luck
Towards a provably robust graph-based watermarking scheme	Lucila Maria Souza Bento
Towards a systems biology approach to mammalian cell cycle: modeling the entrance into S phase of quiescent fibroblasts after serum stimulation.	Luciano Milanesi
Towards a taxonomy of error-handling strategies in recognition-based multi-modal human-computer interfaces.	Marie-Luce Bourguet
Towards an Algebraic Theory of Context-Free Languages.	Luc Boasson
Towards an Automated BPEL-based SaaS Provisioning Support for OpenStack IaaS.	Luca Foschini
Towards an automation of the mutation analysis dedicated to model transformation.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Towards an awareness-based semantics for security protocol analysis.	Luca Viganò 0001
Towards an embodied in vitro electrophysiology: the NeuroBIT project.	Luca Berdondini
Towards an integrated system for planning and assisting maxillofacial orthognathic surgery.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Towards an interoperable information infrastructure providing decision support for genomic medicine	Joanne Luciano
Towards automated verification of layered graph transformation specifications.	Luciano Baresi
Towards better help desk planning: Predicting incidents and required effort.	Joseph Lucente
Towards building intelligent speech interfaces through the use of more flexible, robust and natural dialogue management solutions.	Juan Manuel Lucas-Cuesta
Towards co-design with users who have autism spectrum disorders.	Lucy Firth
Towards computational discourse analysis: A methodology for mining Twitter backchanneling conversations.	Luca Iandoli
Towards crowd density-aware video surveillance applications.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Towards effective planar shape representation with multiscale digital curvature analysis based on signal processing techniques.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Towards effective visual analytics on multiplex and multilayer networks.	Luca Rossi 0003
Towards electro-thermo-mechanical simulation of integrated circuits in standard CAD environment.	Luc Hebrard
Towards formally specifying and verifying transactional memory.	Victor Luchangco
Towards harnessing theories through tool support for hard real-time Java programming.	Kasper Søe Luckow
Towards integration of clinical decision support in commercial hospital information systems using distributed, reusable software and knowledge components.	Marcel Lucas Müller
Towards large-scale sample annotation in gene expression repositories.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Towards quantum-resistant cryptosystems from supersingular elliptic curve isogenies.	Luca De Feo
Towards quantum-resistant cryptosystems from supersingular elliptic curve isogenies.	Luca De Feo
Towards safer information sharing in the cloud.	Marco Luca Sbodio
Towards the Possibility of Objective Interval Uncertainty in Physics.	Luc Longpré
Towards the digital economy: scenarios for business.	Luc Soete
Towards the impact of the operational environment on the security of e-voting.	Lucie Langer
Towards the mathematical modelling of human behaviour.	Lucas Jódar
Towards the reproducibility in soil erosion modeling: a new Pan-European soil erosion map.	Luca Montanarella
Towards the verification of real-time systems in avionics: the Cotre approach.	Jean-Luc Lambert
TracED: A tool for capturing and tracing engineering design processes.	María Luciana Roldán
Trace retrieval for business process operational support.	Luca Canensi
Trace-based contextual recommendations.	Luc Lamontagne
Traceability of Loss Measurements of Extra High Voltage Three-Phase Shunt Reactors.	Luc Dorpmanns
Traceable measurements of electrical impedance.	Luca Callegaro
Traces, monitoring ... and assessment for DULP.	Luca Imperatore
Tracing Attacks on U-Prove with Revocation Mechanism.	Lucjan Hanzlik
Track-before-detect for multiframe detection with censored observations.	Luca Venturino
Track-before-detect for sea clutter rejection: tests with real data.	Luca Venturino
Track-before-detect strategies for STAP radars.	Luca Venturino
TrackGen: An interactive track generator for TORCS and Speed-Dreams.	Pier Luca Lanzi
Tracking Human Motion from Monocular Sequences.	Luca Chittaro
Tracking Human Motion from Monocular Sequences.	Gian Luca Foresti
Tracking of Partially Unknown Trajectories for Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motors.	Luca Gentili
Tracking people in video sequences using multiple models.	Manuel J. Lucena
Tracking performance of DA and DD multiuser timing synchronizers for short code DS-CDMA systems.	Luc Vandendorpe
Tracking with a mixed continuous-discrete Conditional Random Field.	Luc J. Van Gool
Traction, deformation and velocity of deformation in a viscoelastic string	Luciano Pandolfi
Tractor hydraulic power data acquisition system.	Joe D. Luck
Tradeoff between the cycle complexity and the fairness of ring networks.	Luciano Lenzini
Tradeoffs between low complexity, low latency, and fairness with deficit round-robin schedulers.	Luciano Lenzini
Tradeoffs for Space, Time, Data and Risk in Unsupervised Learning.	Mario Lucic
Trading availability among shared-protected dynamic connections in WDM networks.	Diego Lucerna
Trading off quality and complexity for a HVQ-based video codec on portable devices.	Luca Vollero
Traffic Engineering with Segment Routing: SDN-based Architectural Design and Open Source Implementation.	Luca Davoli
Traffic Engineering with Segment Routing: SDN-based Architectural Design and Open Source Implementation.	Luca Veltri
Traffic Management Applications for Stateful SDN Data Plane.	Luca Pollini
Traffic Planning and Logistics: A View from the Edge.	Antonio Lucas
Traffic Prediction Based on a Local Exchange of Information.	Jean-Luc Falcone
Traffic analysis of an internet online game accessed via a wireless LAN.	Luca Caviglione
Traffic classification and its applications to modern networks.	Luca Salgarelli
Traffic classification through simple statistical fingerprinting.	Luca Salgarelli
Traffic smoothing effects of bit dropping in a packet voice multiplexer.	David M. Lucantoni
Traffic volume analysis of a nation-wide eMule community.	Luca Caviglione
Training Based on Real-Time Motion Evaluation for Functional Rehabilitation in Virtual Environment.	Jean-Luc Martinez
Training designers for vulnerable generations: a quest for a more inclusive design.	Luca Cattani
Training emergency responders through augmented reality mobile interfaces.	Luca Paolino
Training for Web search: Will it get you in shape?	Wendy T. Lucas
Training librarians in the production of distance learning materials: experiences of the PROLIB project.	Lucy A. Tedd
Training sequence versus cyclic prefix-a new look on single carrier communication.	Luc Deneire
Trajectory Networks and Their Topological Changes Induced by Geographical Infiltration	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Trajectory Planning and Control for Planar Robots with Passive Last Joint.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
Trajectory Planning and Second-Order Sliding Mode Motion/Interaction Control for Robot Manipulators in Unknown Environments.	Luca Massimiliano Capisani
Trajectory-Based Anomalous Event Detection.	Gian Luca Foresti
Trajectory-Based Local Approximations of Ordinary\ Differential\ Equations.	Luc Moreau
Transactional memory, linking theory and practice.	Victor Luchangco
Transcranial Electrical Stimulation Accelerates Human Sleep Homeostasis.	Lucas C. Parra
Transcribing Broadcast News for Audio and Video Indexing.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
Transfer distance between partitions and search of dense zones in graphs.	Lucile Denoeud-Belgacem
Transfer distance between partitions.	Lucile Denoeud
Transfer of molecular property tensors in cartesian coordinates: A new algorithm for simulation of vibrational spectra.	Lucie Bednárová
Transferable Integrated Optical SU8 Devices: From Micronic Waveguides to 1D-Nanostructures.	Jean-Luc Duvail
Transferring Object-Scene Convolutional Neural Networks for Event Recognition in Still Images.	Luc Van Gool
Transferring brain-computer interfaces beyond the laboratory: Successful application control for motor-disabled users.	Luca Tonin
Transferring neural network based knowledge into an exemplar-based learner.	Lucas Baggio Figueira
Transformateurs moyenne fréquence pour appareils de télévision et radar.	Lucien de Valroger
Transformation of teacher practice using mobile technology with one-to-one classes: M-learning pedagogical approaches.	Lucie Lindsay
Transformations in Secure and Fault-Tolerant Distributed Computation.	Lucia Draque Penso
Transformations of a 3D Image Reconstruction Algorithm for Data Transfer and Storage Optimisation.	Luc J. Van Gool
Transformations of the One-Dimensional Cellular Automata Rule Space.	Luciano Margara
Transforming PC Power Supplies Into Smart Car Battery Conditioners.	Luciano Boquete-Vázquez
Transient and stationary characteristics of a packet buffer modelled as an MAP/SM/1/b system.	Lucjan Janowski
Transistor sizing for large combinational digital CMOS circuits.	Lucas S. Heusler
Transit Timetables Resulting in Even Maximum Load on Individual Vehicles.	Lucas Philibert
Transition-Aware Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones.	Luca Oneto
Transitive Matrices, Strict Preference Order and Ordinal Evaluation Operators.	Luciano Basile
Transitive closure logic, nested tree walking automata, and XPath.	Luc Segoufin
Translating Controlled Graph Grammars to Ordinary Graph Grammars.	Luciana Foss
Translating propositional extended conjunctions of Horn clauses into Boolean circuits.	Paqui Lucio
Translation of disease associated gene signatures across tissues.	Luc Bijnens
Translational bioinformatics: linking knowledge across biological and clinical realms.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Transmission Time Analysis for the Parallel Asynchronous Communication Scheme.	Luca G. Tallini
Transpolarizing Trihedral Corner Reflector Characterization Using a GB-SAR System.	Luca Pipia
Transport characteristics of molecular motors.	Jerzy Luczka
Transport-diffusion models with nonlinear boundary conditions and solution by generalized collocation methods.	Luca Ridolfi
Transversals in Trees.	Luc Devroye
Trapezoidal approximation and aggregation.	Lucian C. Coroianu
Trapping Sets of Fountain Codes.	Vivian Lucia Orozco
Treasury Management Model with Foreign Exchange Exposure.	Cormac Lucas
Treating Body-Image Disturbances.	Luca Melis
Tree Languages Defined in First-Order Logic with One Quantifier Alternation	Luc Segoufin
Tree Rerooting in Distributed Garbage Collection: Implementation and Performance Evaluation.	Luc Moreau
Tree representation of digital picture embeddings.	Lucas M. Oliveira
Tree-Matchings in Graph Processes.	Tomasz Luczak
Treelet kernel incorporating cyclic, stereo and inter pattern information in chemoinformatics.	Luc Brun
Trends and Applications for Cognitive Radio.	Luca Simone Ronga
Trends in biomedical informatics: automated topic analysis of JAMIA articles.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Trends in biomedical informatics: most cited topics from recent years.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Trends in informatics and journal peer-review processes.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Trends in measuring human behavior and interaction.	Lucas P. J. J. Noldus
Trends in modeling Biomedical Complex Systems.	Luciano Milanesi
Trends in temporal representation and reasoning.	Luca Chittaro
Trial and error Mathematics I: Dialectical and Quasidialectical Systems.	Luca San Mauro
Tribological measures for controlling material flow in sheet-bulk metal forming.	Henning Lucas
Tribute for Professor Alain Glavieux.	Luc Vandendorpe
Triva: Interactive 3D visualization for performance analysis of parallel applications.	Lucas Mello Schnorr
Troubleshooting in Mechanics: A Heuristic Matching Process.	Lucile Cacitti
TrueReview: A Platform for Post-Publication Peer Review.	Luca de Alfaro
Trust and Privacy: Informal Ways to Assess Risk on Opportunistic Exchanges.	Luciana Andréia Fondazzi Martimiano
Trust-based grouping for cloud datacenters: Improving security in shared infrastructures.	Luciana Salete Buriol
Trust-based grouping for cloud datacenters: Improving security in shared infrastructures.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Trusted Cells: Ensuring Privacy for the Citizens of Smart Cities.	Luc Bouganim
Truth-values as Labels: A General Recipe for Labelled Deduction.	Luca Viganò 0001
Truthful Mechanisms for Competing Submodular Processes	Brendan Lucier
Truthful Online Scheduling with Commitments.	Brendan Lucier
Tsallis-Based Nonextensive Analysis of the Southern California Seismicity.	Luciano Telesca
TuberQ: a Mycobacterium tuberculosis protein druggability database.	Lucas A. Defelipe
Tunable Class AB CMOS Gm-C Filter Based on Quasi-Floating Gate Techniques.	Lucía Acosta
Tuning UWB signals by pulse shaping: Towards context-aware wireless networks.	Luca De Nardis
Tuning of Multivariable Decentralized Controllers Through the Ultimate-Point Method.	Lucíola Campestrini
Tuning of PID controllers by the non-symmetrical optimum method.	Luc Loron
Tunnel Hunter: Detecting application-layer tunnels with statistical fingerprinting.	Luca Salgarelli
Turbo codes with modified welch-costas interleavers.	Lucian Trifina
Turing Patterns in RD-CNNS for the Emergence of Perceptual States in Roving Robots.	Luca Patané
Turing universality of the Biochemical Ground Form.	Luca Cardelli
Turing's Imitation Game: Still an Impossible Challenge for All Machines and Some Judges-An Evaluation of the 2008 Loebner Contest.	Luciano Floridi
Turn-regularity and optimal area drawings of orthogonal representations.	Luca Vismara
Turning SOS Rules into Equations	Luca Aceto
Turán's Extremal Problem in Random Graphs: Forbidding Even Cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
Turán's Extremal Problem in Random Graphs: Forbidding ODD Cycles.	Tomasz Luczak
Tutonium - Interaktive Tutorials für Web-Anwendungen.	Ron Lucke
Twitter anticipates bursts of requests for Wikipedia articles.	Claudio Lucchese
Twitter data analysis by means of Strong Flipping Generalized Itemsets.	Luca Cagliero
Two Approaches to the Philosophy of Information.	Luciano Floridi
Two Automated Techniques for Carotid Lumen Diameter Measurement: Regional versus Boundary Approaches.	Luca Saba
Two GUIs-based analysis tool for spectroradiometer data pre-processing.	Luca Innocenti
Two Hemispheres for Better Memory in Old Age: Role of Executive Functioning.	Lucie Angel
Two Improved Partially Blind Signature Schemes from Bilinear Pairings.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Two Iteration Theorems for Some Families of Languages.	Luc Boasson
Two Normal Form Theorems for CSP Programs.	Luc Bougé
Two Taq I RFLPs for human alpha-2 macroglobulin (alpha 2M) using a full length cDNA probe.	G. Lucotte
Two Vacation Models for Token-Ring Networks where Service is Controlled by Timers.	David M. Lucantoni
Two fast multi-point search algorithms for high quality motion estimation in high resolution videos.	Luciano Volcan Agostini
Two new graphs kernels in chemoinformatics.	Luc Brun
Two techniques of sensitivity and uncertainty analysis of fuzzy expert systems.	Luca Podofillini
Two-Bit Message Passing Decoders for LDPC Codes Over the Binary Symmetric Channel	Lucile Sassatelli
Two-Dimensional Pinpointing: Debugging with Formal Specifications.	David C. Luckham
Two-Dimensions Vernier Time-to-Digital Converter.	Luca Vercesi
Two-Parameter SVD: Coalescing Singular Values and Periodicity.	Luca Dieci
Two-Way Chaining with Reassignment.	Luc Devroye
Two-Way Protocol with Imperfect Devices.	Marco Lucamarini
Two-Way Visibly Pushdown Automata and Transducers.	Luc Dartois
Two-bidder all-pay auctions with interdependent valuations, including the highly competitive case.	Lucas Rentschler
Two-domain DNA strand displacement.	Luca Cardelli
Two-layer automatic sound classification system for conversation enhancement in hearing aids.	Lucas Cuadra
Two-level branch prediction using neural networks.	Lucian N. Vintan
Two-level refined direct optimization scheme using intermediate surrogate models for electromagnetic optimization of a switched reluctance motor.	Luc Dupré
Two-phase screening procedure for simulation experiments.	Thomas W. Lucas
Two-time scale visual servoing of eye-in-hand flexible manipulators.	Luca Bascetta
Two-variable logic on data trees and XML reasoning.	Luc Segoufin
Two-variable logic on data words.	Luc Segoufin
Two-variable word equations.	Lucian Ilie
Two-way satellite platform with ACM/QoS integration for the delivery of TV-centric triple-play services.	Luca Vignaroli
Type Reconstruction for the Linear π-Calculus with Composite Regular Types.	Luca Padovani
Type Systems.	Luca Cardelli
Type-2 fuzzy tool condition monitoring system based on acoustic emission in micromilling.	Luc Baron
Type-Based Analysis of Generic Key Management APIs (Long Version).	Flaminia L. Luccio
Type-based analysis of key management in PKCS#11 cryptographic devices.	Flaminia L. Luccio
Types de taches et types de navigation dans un hypertexte.	Lucile Beaugil
Types for the Ambient Calculus.	Luca Cardelli
Types in School.	José Lucas Rangel
Typhoon at CommsNet13: Experimental experience on AUV navigation and localization.	Luca Pugi
Typical convex program is very well posed.	R. E. Lucchetti
Typing Copyless Message Passing	Luca Padovani
Typing a Core Binary Field Arithmetic in a Light Logic	Luca Roversi
Técnicas probabilísticas para análise de yield em nível elétrico usando propagação de erros e derivadas numéricas.	Lucas Brusamarello
Télé-échographie Robotisée: des concepts à la validation clinique.	Jean-Luc Bosson
U-cycles in n-Person TU-Games with only 1, n - 1 and n-Person permissible Coalitions.	Ana Lucía Calí
UA2TPG: An untestability analyzer and test pattern generator for SEUs in the configuration memory of SRAM-based FPGAs.	Luca Sterpone
UA2TPG: An untestability analyzer and test pattern generator for SEUs in the configuration memory of SRAM-based FPGAs.	Luca Cassano
UAV position and attitude estimation using IMU, GNSS and camera.	Luca Cicala
UEP Concepts in Modulation and Coding.	Lucile Sassatelli
UFLE: a user-friendly location-free encryption system for mobile users.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
UML and Object Oriented Drama.	Luca Vetti Tagliati
UNISC-Phone - A case study.	Luciano Alvez
UVM-SystemC-AMS Framework for System-Level Verification and Validation of Automotive Use Cases.	Ronan Lucas
UVPAR: fast detection of functional shifts in duplicate genes.	J. Ignasi Lucas
UbiCicero: A location-aware, multi-device museum guide.	Lucio Davide Spano
Ubiquitous Anthropology.	Luca Simeone
Ultra-Long-Haul WDM Transmission with High Spectral Efficiency.	Alan J. Lucero
Ultrascale Collaborative Visualization Using a Display-Rich Global Cyberinfrastructure.	Luc Renambot
Ultrasound IMT measurement on a multi-ethnic and multi-institutional database: Our review and experience using four fully automated and one semi-automated methods.	Luca Saba
Ultrasound Transducers for Large-Scale Metrology: A Performance Analysis for Their Use by the MScMS.	Luca Mastrogiacomo
Ultrathin nitrided gate dielectrics: Plasma processing, chemical characterization, performance, and reliability.	Gerald Lucovsky
Ultraweak photon emission of Psilocybe cubensis mycelium tissue: comparison of tissue treated with acoustic waves and non-treated tissue.	Ivan Lucic
Um Ambiente para Modelagem e Execução de Processos.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Uma Proposta de Framework para Desenvolvimento de Aplicações Paralelas com Mobilidade.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Un Procédé Itératif de Dénombrement D'arbres Binaires et Son Application A Leur Génération Aléatoire.	Jean-Luc Remy
Un acercamiento ontológico para modelar el paradigma orientado a objetos.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Un couplage entre un algorithme génétique et un modèle de simulation pour l'ordonnancement à court terme d'un atelier discontinu de chimie fine.	Luc Pibouleau
Un langage algébrique particulier.	Luc Boasson
Un método de aprendizaje semi-supervisado para la modelización semántica en comprensión del habla.	Lucía Ortega
Un método simple para la toma de decisiones en ambientes 3D de simulación de fútbol RoboCup.	Caro Lucas
Un nouveau système flexible et mobile d'aide à la navigation maritime.	Gaétan Lucas de Couville
Un tutor inteligente, afectivo y configurable para el aprendizaje de números naturales de 3er grado.	María Lucía Barrón-Estrada
Una ontología para la representación de conceptos de diseño de software.	Gloria Lucía Giraldo G.
Unary negation.	Luc Segoufin
Unbalanced Steiner Triple Systems.	Lucien Haddad
Unbiased Injection of Signal-Dependent Noise in Variance-Stabilized Range.	Lucas Rodrigues Borges
UncertWeb Processing Service: Making Models Easier to Access on the Web.	Lucy Bastin
Uncertainties in the temperature dependence of the line-coupling parameters of the microwave oxygen band: impact study.	Jean-Luc Moncet
Uncertainty Analysis for the Classification of Multispectral Satellite Images Using SVMs and SOMs.	Luca Pugliese
Uncertainty Estimate Associated With the Electric Field Induced Inside Human Bodies by Unknown LF Sources.	Luca L. Zilberti
Uncertainty Estimation in Simultaneous Measurements of Levels and Permittivities of Liquids Using TDR Technique.	Luciano Tarricone
Uncertainty Evaluation in Two-Dimensional Indirect Measurement by Evidence and Probability Theories.	Luca Baglivo
Uncertainty Quantification for Integrated Circuits: Stochastic Spectral Methods.	Luca Daniel
Uncertainty quantification for systems of conservation laws.	Didier Lucor
Unconditional Positive Stable Numerical Solution of Partial Integrodifferential Option Pricing Problems.	Lucas Jódar
Unconventional Plasticity of HIV-1 Reverse Transcriptase: How Inhibitors Could Open a Connection "Gate" between Allosteric and Catalytic Sites.	Luca Bellucci
Unconventional Plasticity of HIV-1 Reverse Transcriptase: How Inhibitors Could Open a Connection "Gate" between Allosteric and Catalytic Sites.	Lucilla Angeli
Uncovering Spoken Phrases in Encrypted Voice over IP Conversations.	Lucas Ballard
Uncovering the Perfect Place: Optimising Workflow Engine Deployment in the Cloud.	Michael Luckeneder
Understanding 802.11e contention-based prioritization mechanisms and their coexistence with legacy 802.11 stations.	Luca Scalia
Understanding Game Theory via Wireless Power Control [Lecture Notes].	Luca Sanguinetti
Understanding Game Theory via Wireless Power Control.	Luca Sanguinetti
Understanding Green Software Development: A Conceptual Framework.	Luca Ardito
Understanding Information Hiding in iOS.	Luca Caviglione
Understanding Security Behaviors in Personal Computer Usage: A Threat Avoidance Perspective.	Yajiong (Lucky) Xue
Understanding differences in electronic health record (EHR) use: linking individual physicians' perceptions of uncertainty and EHR use patterns in ambulatory care.	Luci K. Leykum
Understanding disease processes by partitioned dynamic Bayesian networks.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Understanding families' motivations for sustainable behaviors.	Lucas Pereira
Understanding maximal repetitions in strings	Lucian Ilie
Understanding reactions to an internet-delivered health-care intervention: accommodating user preferences for information provision.	Lucy Yardley
Understanding teenagers' personal contexts to design technology that supports learning about energy consumption.	Rosemary Luckin
Understanding the Influence of Team Climate on IT Use.	Yajiong (Lucky) Xue
Understanding the use of an electronic process guide.	Lucila Carvalho
Underwater Acoustic Networks: Channel Models and Network Coding Based Lower Bound to Transmission Power for Multicast.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Underwater Acoustic Networks: Channel Models and Network Coding based Lower Bound to Transmission Power for Multicast	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Une Caractérisation des Langages Algébriques Bornés.	Luc Boasson
Une démarche et un outil pour modéliser et comparer l'organisation spatiale d'exploitations agricoles.	Jean-Luc Metzger
Une infrastructure à base de composants pour la construction de gestionnaires d'objets persistants.	Luciano García-Bañuelos
Une plate-forme d'émulation légère pour étudier les systèmes pair-à-pair.	Lucas Nussbaum
Unfolding Kernel embeddings of graphs: Enhancing class separation through manifold learning.	Luca Rossi 0004
Unfreezing thoughts. Philosophy, Design Studies and role-playing games in a foundational undergraduate course.	Luca Galli
UniGene Tabulator: a full parser for the UniGene format.	Luca Lenzi
Unicorn: A System for Searching the Social Graph.	Lucian Grijincu
Unified framework for a side-by-side comparison of different multicomponent algorithms: Lattice Boltzmann vs. phase field model.	Luca Scarbolo
Uniform Generation of a Schröder Tree.	Jean-Luc Remy
Uniform access to NoSQL systems.	Luca Rossi 0001
Uniformly stable numerical schemes for the Boltzmann equation preserving the compressible Navier-Stokes asymptotics.	Luc Mieussens
Unifying Agent Systems.	Michael Luck
Unifying running-key approach and logistic map to generate enciphering sequences.	Adrian Luca
Unilateral Commitments in Finitely Repeated Games.	Luciano Méndez-Naya
Unique Games on the Hypercube.	Luca Trevisan
Unique Games on the Hypercube.	Luca Trevisan
Uniqueness Results for an ODE Related to a Generalized Ginzburg-Landau Model for Liquid Crystals.	Luc Nguyen
Uniqueness of Filippov Sliding Vector Field on the Intersection of Two Surfaces in R3 and Implications for Stability of Periodic Orbits.	Luciano Lopez
Uniqueness of Filippov Sliding Vector Field on the Intersection of Two Surfaces in R3 and Implications for Stability of Periodic Orbits.	Luca Dieci
Uniqueness of multiangular measurements. I. An indicator of subpixel surface heterogeneity from MISR.	Jean-Luc Widlowski
Uniqueness of multiangular measurements. II. Joint retrieval of vegetation structure and photosynthetic activity from MISR.	Jean-Luc Widlowski
Unit-load storage assignment strategy for warehouses in seismic areas.	Lucia Botti
Unitals in PG(2, q2) with a large 2-point stabiliser.	Luca Giuzzi
Universal Asymptotics for Random Tries and PATRICIA Trees.	Luc Devroye
Universal Background Subtraction Using Word Consensus Models.	Pierre-Luc St-Charles
Universal Dependencies for Learner English.	Lucia Lam
Universal Limit Laws for Depths in Random Trees.	Luc Devroye
Universal computably Enumerable Equivalence Relations.	Luca San Mauro
Universities and global competition for graduate students: scenarios for Latin America.	Lucas Luchilo
University objectives and socioeconomic results: A multicriteria measuring of alignment.	Ignacio Fernández-de-Lucio
Unknown Chinese word extraction based on variety of overlapping strings.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Unlabeled patterns to tighten Rademacher complexity error bounds for kernel classifiers.	Luca Oneto
Unoriented Theta-Maxima in the Plane: Complexity and Algorithms.	Luc Devroye
Unreasonable Effectiveness of Learning Neural Nets: Accessible States and Robust Ensembles.	Carlo Lucibello
Unreasonable Effectiveness of Learning Neural Nets: Accessible States and Robust Ensembles.	Luca Saglietti
Unstructured video-based rendering: interactive exploration of casually captured videos.	Luca Ballan
Unsuccessful Search in Self-Adjusting Data Structures.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Unsupervised 4D myocardium segmentation with a Markov Random Field based deformable model.	Lucilio Cordero-Grande
Unsupervised Estimation of Signal-Dependent CCD Camera Noise.	Luciano Alparone
Unsupervised High-level Feature Learning by Ensemble Projection for Semi-supervised Image Classification and Image Clustering.	Luc J. Van Gool
Unsupervised Understanding of Location and Illumination Changes in Egocentric Videos.	Lucio Marcenaro
Unsupervised and adaptive Gaussian skin-color model.	Luciano Boquete
Unsupervised learning segmentation for dynamic speckle activity images.	Ana Lucía Dai Pra
Unsupervised learning segmentation for dynamic speckle activity images.	Lucía Isabel Passoni
Unsupervised segmentation method for cuboidal cell nuclei in histological prostate images based on minimum cross entropy.	Domingos Lucas Latorre de Oliveira
Unsupervised tissue classification of brain MR images for voxel-based morphometry analysis.	Luca Agnello
Untangling Binary Trees via Rotations.	Joan M. Lucas
Untangling the Braid: Finding Outliers in a Set of Streams	Luca Foschini
Unusual MRI findings in an immunocompetent patient with EBV encephalitis: a case report.	Lucina Titone
Unveiling and taming liabilities of aspects in the presence of exceptions: A static analysis based approach.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Unveiling the Atomic-Level Determinants of Acylase-Ligand Complexes: An Experimental and Computational Study.	Luca Mollica
Unveiling the Neuromorphological Space.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Unveiling the Relationship Between Structure and Dynamics in Complex Networks	Luciano da F. Costa
Unveiling the relationship between complex networks metrics and word senses	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Unveiling the texture of a European Research Area: emergence of oligarchic networks under EU Framework Programmes.	Lucia Cusmano
Updates in Rhea - a manually curated resource of biochemical reactions.	Lucila Aimo
Uplink synchronization in OFDMA spectrum-sharing systems.	Luca Sanguinetti
Upper Bound on the Capacity of Discrete-Time Wiener Phase Noise Channels.	Luca Barletta
Upper and Lower Bounds to the Information Rate Transferred Through First-Order Markov Channels With Free-Running Continuous State.	Luca Barletta
Upper and lower probabilities induced by a fuzzy random variable.	Luciano Sánchez
Upper limb motor rehabilitation impacts white matter microstructure in multiple sclerosis.	Luca Roccatagliata
Uptake and binding of the serotonin 5-HT1A antagonist [18F]-MPPF in brain of rats: Effects of the novel P-glycoprotein inhibitor tariquidar.	Luciano Minuzzi
Urban DNA for cities evolutions. Cities as physical expression of dynamic equilibriums between competitive and cooperative forces.	Luca D'Acci
Urban Pulse: Capturing the Rhythm of Cities.	Luc Wilson
Urban building height variance from multibaseline ERS coherence.	Adrian Luckman
Urban indices as environmental noise indicators.	Léa Cristina Lucas de Souza
Usability and acceptability of a website that provides tailored advice on falls prevention activities for older people.	Lucy Yardley
Usability of VGI for validation of land cover maps.	Lucy Bastin
Usage Analysis for the Identification of Research Trends in Digital Libraries.	Rick Luce
Usage analysis and the web of data.	Markus Luczak-Rösch
Usage-Centered Engineering for Web Applications.	Lucy A. D. Lockwood
Use Of Artificial Intelligence Techniques To The Interpretation Of Subsurface Log Images.	Luca Tagliavini
Use and non-use of electronic information sources by undergraduates at the University of the West Indies.	Lucy A. Tedd
Use and satisfaction with key functions of a common commercial electronic health record: a survey of primary care providers.	Luci K. Leykum
Use and usability in a digital library search system	Lucy T. Nowell
Use of Electromyographic and Electrocardiographic Signals to Detect Sleep Bruxism Episodes in a Natural Environment.	Luca Mesin
Use of Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) in Portuguese for categorizing web-based healthcare content.	Luciano Vieira de Araújo
Use of SAR Data for Detecting Floodwater in Urban and Agricultural Areas: The Role of the Interferometric Coherence.	Luca Pulvirenti
Use of Variable Selection in Modeling the Secondary Structural Content of Proteins from Their Composition of Amino Acid Residues.	Bono Lucic
Use of a CMOS Image Sensor for an Active Personal Dosimeter in Interventional Radiology.	Lucia Bissi
Use of a Modified Vector Model for Odor Intensity Prediction of Odorant Mixtures.	Luchun Yan
Use of a quasi-Newton method in a feedforward neural network construction algorithm.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
Use of an Agent-Based Model to Understand Clinical Systems.	Luci K. Leykum
Use of an artificial model of monitoring data to aid interpretation of principal component analysis.	Lucija Lapilla
Use of anisotropic modelling in electrical impedance tomography; Description of method and preliminary assessment of utility in imaging brain function in the adult human head.	Marzia De Lucia
Use of different approaches to model presence/absence of Salmo marmoratus in Piedmont (Northwestern Italy).	Luca Pozzi
Use of electronic health record systems for decision support.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Use of library and information science journals by Master's students in their dissertations: Experiences at the University of Wales Aberystwyth.	Lucy A. Tedd
Usefulness of simulating social phenomena: evidence.	Pablo Lucas
User Focus and Simulation Improve Predictions of Piracy Risk.	Thomas W. Lucas
User Interaction and Data Management for Large Scale Grid Applications.	Luca Caprini
User Interface of a Teleradiology System for the MR Assessment of Multiple Sclerosis.	G. Luccichenti
User Needs and Implications for Modelling Vague Named Places.	Lucy Diamond
User Satisfaction in Competitive Sponsored Search.	Brendan Lucier
User evaluation of a market-based recommender system.	Luc Moreau
User evaluation of the MASK kiosk.	Jean-Luc Gauvain
User interfaces metamodel based on graphs.	Lucio Mauro Duarte
User needs elicitation via analytic hierarchy process (AHP). A case study on a Computed Tomography (CT) scanner.	Luciano Mirarchi
User security enhancement: A worldwide security project.	Luc De Clercq
User-based evaluation of data-driven haptic rendering.	Massimiliano Di Luca
User-configurable OCR enhancement for online natural history archives.	Simon M. Lucas
Users of official European statistical data: investigating information needs.	Lucy McKeever
Users or Students? Privacy in University MOOCS.	Lucas Regner
Users' (Dis)satisfaction with the personalTV application: Combining objective and subjective data.	Luc Martens
Users' performance with a riding trainer: The role of the social setting.	Luciano Gamberini
Users' perspectives of key factors to implementing electronic health records in Canada: a Delphi study.	Luc Mathieu
Users' quest for an optimized representation of a multi-device space.	Andrés Lucero
Users, User Interfaces, and Objects: Envision, a Digital Library.	Lucy T. Nowell
Using 1-D Models to Interpret the Reflectance Anisotropy of 3-D Canopy Targets: Issues and Caveats.	Jean-Luc Widlowski
Using Ant Agents to Combine Reactive and Proactive Strategies for Routing in Mobile Ad-hoc Networks.	Luca Maria Gambardella
Using Apache Lucene to Search Vector of Locally Aggregated Descriptors.	Lucia Vadicamo
Using Bayesian network analysis to support centre of gravity analysis in military planning.	Lucia Falzon
Using Boolean reasoning to anonymize databases.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Using Cellular Network Signal Strength to Monitor Vegetation Characteristics.	Luciana K. da Cunha
Using Compiled Knowledge to Guide and Focus Abductive Diagnosis.	Luca Console
Using Complex Networks to Quantify Consistency in the Use of Words	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Using Constructive Neural Networks for Detecting Central Vestibular System Lesion.	Lucas Baggio Figueira
Using Context-Sensitive Rewriting for Proving Innermost Termination of Rewriting.	Salvador Lucas
Using Control Dependencies for Space-Aware Bytecode Verification.	Luca Martini
Using Euler Diagrams in Traditional Library Environments.	Marie-Luce Viaud
Using Floating Gate and Quasi-Floating Gate Techniques for Rail-to-Rail Tunable CMOS Transconductor Design.	Lucía Acosta
Using Fuzzy Sets to Diagnose Coronary Artery Stenosis.	Lucy S. Goodenday
Using Graph Transformation Systems to Specify and Verify Data Abstractions.	Luciano Baresi
Using ICT to promote teachers' competences: strategies and challenges.	Margarida Lucas
Using Immersive Virtual Reality to Reduce Work Accidents in Developing Countries.	Lucia Sebben
Using Immersive Virtual Reality to Reduce Work Accidents in Developing Countries.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Using Lagrangian dual information to generate degree constrained spanning trees.	Abilio Lucena
Using Learning Objects to Teach Structural Engineering.	Luciano Andreatta-da-Costa
Using Line Segments as Structuring Elements for Sampling-Invariant Measurements.	Lucas J. van Vliet
Using Mathematical Morphology to Determine the Roundness (Smoothness) of Sedimentary Rock Particles.	Luc Vincent
Using Multi-view Recognition and Meta-data Annotation to Guide a Robot's Attention.	Luc J. Van Gool
Using Normative Markov Decision Processes for evaluating electronic contracts.	Michael Luck
Using P2P overlays to provide QoS in service-oriented wireless networks.	Luca Caviglione
Using Process Algebras for the Semantic Analysis of Data Flow Networks.	Luca Simoncini
Using Prolog for Building Frog, a Hybrid Knowledge Representation System.	Luca Console
Using Pulse/Tone Signals as an Alternative to Boost Channel Reservation on Directional Communications.	Lucas de Melo Guimarães
Using Python® language for the validation of the CCI soil moisture products via SM2RAIN.	Luca Ciabatta
Using Python® language for the validation of the CCI soil moisture products via SM2RAIN.	Luca Brocca
Using SIP as P2P Technology.	Luca Veltri
Using SIP as P2P Technology.	Luca Caviglione
Using Scheduled Ordering to Improve the Performance of Distribution Supply Chains.	Lucy Gongtao Chen
Using Secondary Structure Information to Perform Multiple Alignment.	Luciano Milanesi
Using Simulation for the Validation of High Level Specifications of Control Systems.	Jean-Luc Paillet
Using Social Network Analysis to Support Collective Decision-Making Process.	Luca Iandoli
Using Trialogues to Measure English Language Skills.	Christine Luce
Using UML-F to enhance framework development: a case study in the local search heuristics domain.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Using Virtualization to Provide Interdomain QoS-enabled Routing.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
Using a New Model of Recurrent Neural Network for Control.	Luciano Boquete
Using a Topological Descriptor to Investigate Structures of Virus Particles.	Lucas M. Oliveira
Using a calibration experiment to assess gene-specific information: full Bayesian and empirical Bayesian models for two-channel microarray data.	Luciana Rossi
Using a constraint-based regression method for relative quantification of somatic mutations in pyrosequencing signals: a case for NRAS analysis.	Jean-Luc Gala
Using abstract interpretation to add type checking for interfaces in Java bytecode verification.	Luca Martini
Using age, triage score, and disposition data from emergency department electronic records to improve Influenza-like illness surveillance.	Lucie Bédard
Using ambient intelligence for physiological monitoring.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Using an Alternative Trace for QVT.	Jean-Luc Dekeyser
Using an Eye-Tracker to Assess the Effectiveness of a Three-Dimensional Riding Simulator in Increasing Hazard Perception.	Luciano Gamberini
Using an Eye-Tracker to Assess the Effectiveness of a Three-Dimensional Riding Simulator in Increasing Hazard Perception.	Luca Semenzato
Using an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) to capture micro-topography of Antarctic moss beds.	Arko Lucieer
Using biologically inspired computing to effectively improve prediction models.	Mária Lucká
Using chiral molecules as an approach to address low-druggability recognition sites.	Xavier Lucas
Using clustering methods to improve ontology-based query term disambiguation.	Ernesto William De Luca
Using co-variations in the Hb signal to detect visual activation: A near infrared spectroscopic imaging study.	John DeLuca
Using collineations to compute motion and structure in an uncalibrated image sequence.	Luc Robert
Using complex networks concepts to assess approaches for citations in scientific papers.	Luciano da F. Costa
Using decision trees to summarize associative classification rules.	Lucas Tzu-Hsuan Hung
Using delays and time-varying gains to improve the static output feedback stabilizability of linear systems: a comparison.	Luc Moreau
Using densities of estimators to compare pharmacokinetic experiments.	Luc Pronzato
Using derivatives in time series classification.	Maciej Luczak
Using digital fountains in future IPTV streaming platforms: a future perspective.	Luca Celetto
Using domain specific languages to instantiate object-oriented frameworks.	Carlos Lucena
Using game mechanics for field evaluation of prototype social applications: a novel methodology.	Luca Console
Using geometric properties for automatic object positioning.	Luce Morin
Using graph cuts in GPUs for color based human skin segmentation.	Lucas Lattari
Using immersive virtual reality and anatomically correct computer-generated characters in the forensic assessment of deviant sexual preferences.	Joanne-Lucine Rouleau
Using informal notes for sharing corporate technology know-how.	Wendy T. Lucas
Using informatics to engage patients and healthcare providers.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Using interdocument similarity information in document retrieval systems.	H. Claire Luckhurst
Using interval arithmetic to prove that a set is path-connected.	Luc Jaulin
Using model checking for critiquing based on clinical guidelines.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Using model engineering for the criticality analysis of reconfigurable manufacturing systems architectures.	Jean Luc Philippe
Using multiple levels of parallelism to enhance the performance of domain decomposition solvers.	Luc Giraud
Using multiple sensors for reliable markerless identification through supervised learning.	Luca Cosmo
Using network science and text analytics to produce surveys in a scientific topic.	Luciano da F. Costa
Using network science and text analytics to produce surveys in a scientific topic.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Using novelty-biased GA to sample diversity in graphs satisfying constraints.	Luc Berthouze
Using online discussion boards with large and small groups to enhance learning of assistive technology.	Danielle DeLuca
Using optical flow equation for particle detection and velocity prediction in particle tracking.	Luca Shindler
Using patient-reportable clinical history factors to predict myocardial infarction.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Using postdomination to reduce space requirements of data flow analysis.	Luca Martini
Using refactoring and unification rules to assist framework evolution.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Using reputation and adaptive coalitions to support collaboration in competitive environments.	Michael Luck
Using static analysis to improve automatic test generation.	Lucian Ghirvu
Using statistical and machine learning to help institutions detect suspicious access to electronic health records.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Using structural and semantic measures to improve software modularization.	Andrea De Lucia
Using the Dual-Level Modeling Approach to Developing Applications in the Pervasive Healthcare Environment.	Luciana Tricai Cavalini
Using the Modified Allan Variance for Accurate Estimation of the Hurst Parameter of Long-Range Dependent Traffic	Luca Primerano
Using viewpoints to derive object-oriented frameworks: a case study in the web-based education domain.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Using virtual topologies to manage inter-domain QoS in next-generation networks.	Fábio Luciano Verdi
Using virtual topologies to manage inter-domain QoS in next-generation networks.	Luciano Bernardes de Paula
Utilisation d'un micro-processeur specialise dans le calcul.	Jean-Luc Paillet
Utilization of Semantic Networks for Education: On the Enhancement of Existing Learning Objects with Topic Maps in <ML>³.	Ulrike Lucke
Utilizing Natural Language for One-Shot Task Learning.	Lucian Galescu
V-Market: A framework for agent e-commerce systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
VANET-based secure taxi service.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
VERTIcal Grid lOgistic regression (VERTIGO).	Lucila Ohno-Machado
VII Brazilian workshop on operating systems.	Luciano Barreto
VIRTEC: An example of a Brazilian virtual organization.	Luciane M. Ortega
VIS-NIR Imaging Spectroscopy of Mercury's Surface: SIMBIO-SYS/VIHI Experiment Onboard the BepiColombo Mission.	Luciano Calamai
VLSI Characterization of the Cryptographic Hash Function BLAKE.	Luca Henzen
VLSI Design of a Fully-Parallel High-Throughput Decoder for Turbo Gallager Codes.	Luca Fanucci
VLSI Design of a Monolithic Compressive-Sensing Wideband Analog-to-Information Converter.	Luca Bettini
VLSI architecture for a flexible block matching processor.	Luc De Vos
VLSI architectures for weighted order statistic (WOS) filters.	Lori E. Lucke
VLSI design investigation for low-cost, low-power FFT/IFFT processing in advanced VDSL transceivers.	Luca Fanucci
VLSI implementation of a CDMA blind adaptive interference-mitigating detector.	Luca Fanucci
VLSI implementation of a signal recognition and code acquisition algorithm for CDMA packet receivers.	Luca Fanucci
VM consolidation: A real case based on OpenStack Cloud.	Luca Foschini
VMPlanner: Optimizing virtual machine placement and traffic flow routing to reduce network power costs in cloud data centers.	Luca Chiaraviglio
VOGCLUSTERS: an example of DAME web application	Luca Pellecchia
VSGdb: a database for trypanosome variant surface glycoproteins, a large and diverse family of coiled coil proteins.	Lucio Marcello
VSH and multiplicative modular relations between small primes with polynomial exponents.	Florian Luca
VSPN: VANET-Based Secure and Privacy-Preserving Navigation.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
VU-Flow: A Visualization Tool for Analyzing Navigation in Virtual Environments.	Lucio Ieronutti
VU-Flow: A Visualization Tool for Analyzing Navigation in Virtual Environments.	Luca Chittaro
Valid-Time Indeterminacy in Temporal Relational Databases: Semantics and Representations.	Luca Anselma
Validation of IS Security Policies Featuring Authorisation Constraints.	Jean-Luc Richier
Validation of Significant Wave Height From Improved Satellite Altimetry in the German Bight.	Luciana Fenoglio-Marc
Validation of Tropospheric Water Vapor as Measured by the 183-GHz HAMSTRAD Radiometer Over the Pyrenees Mountains, France.	Jean-Luc Attie
Validation of a QoS architecture for DVB-RCS satellite networks via the SATIP6 demonstration platform.	Fabrice Lucas
Validation of a System for Evaluation of High-Voltage Impulses According to IEC 60060: 2010.	Lucas Castro Faria
Validation of a model of the GAL regulatory system via robustness analysis of its bistability characteristics.	Luca Salerno
Validation of a new Short Problematic Internet Use Test in a nationally representative sample of adolescents.	Luca Bastiani
Validation of machine CAN bus J1939 fuel rate accuracy using Nebraska Tractor Test Laboratory fuel rate data.	Joe D. Luck
Validation of protein models by a neural network approach.	Luca De Gioia
Validation of the first algorithm applied for deriving the aerosol properties over the ocean using the POLDER/ADEOS measurements.	Jean-Luc Deuze
Validation of web service compositions.	Luciano Baresi
Validation ďun modèle analytique de la pose par poussage des câbles à fibres optiques.	Jean-Luc Campion
Value Prediction and Speculative Execution on GPU.	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Value creation using alliances within the software industry.	Lucia Silva Gao
Value-sensitive automatic code specialization for embedded software.	Luca Benini
Value-sensitive automatic code specialization for embedded software.	Gabriele Luculli
Values of the Euler Φ-function not divisible by a given odd prime, and the distribution of Euler-Kronecker constants for cyclotomic fields.	Florian Luca
Valuing Virtual Worlds: The Role of Categorization in Technology Assessment.	Luciara Nardon
Variability Mitigation in Nanometer CMOS Integrated Systems: A Survey of Techniques From Circuits to Software.	Luca Benini
Variability compensation for full-swing against low-swing on-chip communication.	Luca Benini
Variability-Aware Task Allocation for Energy-Efficient Quality of Service Provisioning in Embedded Streaming Multimedia Applications.	Luca Benini
Variability-tolerant workload allocation for MPSoC energy minimization under real-time constraints.	Luca Benini
Variable Length Unordered Codes.	Luca G. Tallini
Variable-rate Retransmissions for Incremental Redundancy Hybrid ARQ	Luciano Ahumada
Variance Stabilization for Noisy+Estimate Combination in Iterative Poisson Denoising.	Lucio Azzari
Variance estimation and ranking of target tracking position errors modeled using Gaussian mixture distributions.	Lucy Y. Pao
Variation in Sign Languages: Recent Research on ASL and Beyond.	Ceil Lucas
Variation in the psychosocial determinants of the intention to prescribe hormone therapy prior to the release of the Women's Health Initiative trial: a survey of general practitioners and gynaecologists in France and Quebec.	Lucile Turcot
Variation-Aware Placement With Multi-Cycle Statistical Timing Analysis for FPGAs.	Gregory Lucas
Variation-Tolerant Architecture for Ultra Low Power Shared-L1 Processor Clusters.	Luca Benini
Variations on a Method for Representing Data Items of Unlimited Length.	Fabrizio Luccio
Varying Modal Theories.	Thierry Lucas
Varying complexity in tree-structured image distribution models.	Lucas C. Parra
Vascular Editor: From Angiographic Images to 3D Vascular Models.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Vector Fields for Robot Navigation Along Time-Varying Curves in n -Dimensions.	Luciano C. A. Pimenta
Vector Optimization Problems via Improvement Sets.	Lucia Pusillo
Vectorization of raster images using hierarchcial methods.	D. Lucas
Vectorization of raster images using hierarchical methods.	D. Lucas
Vehicle routing and the value of postponement.	Luc Muyldermans
Vehicular Inter-Networking via Named Data.	Lucas Wang
Velocity Estimation: Assessing the Performance of Non-Model-Based Techniques.	Luca Bascetta
Velocity-Correction Projection Methods for Incompressible Flows.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Ventricle Boundary in CT: Partial Volume Effect and Local Thresholds.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Verification and test generation for the SSCOP protocol.	Lucian Ghirvu
Verification of Array, Record, and Pointer Operations in Pascal.	David C. Luckham
Verification of Medical Guidelines Using Background Knowledge in Task Networks.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Verification of Similar FSMs by Mixing Incremental Re-encoding, Reachability Analysis, and Combinational Checks.	Luciano Lavagno
Verification of fixed-point digital controllers using direct and delta forms realizations.	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Verifying Access Control in Statecharts.	Levi Lucio
Verifying Embedded C Software with Timing Constraints using an Untimed Model Checker	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Verifying Fixed-Point Digital Filters using SMT-Based Bounded Model Checking	Lucas C. Cordeiro
Verifying the Interplay of Authorization Policies and Workflow in Service-Oriented Architectures (Full version)	Luca Viganò 0001
Vers une approche formelle pour la validation des protocoles d'interaction en systèmes multi-agents.	Jean-Luc Koning
Vers une plate-forme MapReduce tolérant les fautes byzantines.	Luciana Arantes
Vers une programmation fonctionnelle en appel par valeur sur systèmes multi-coeurs: évaluation asynchrone et ramasse-miettes parallèle.	Luca Saiu
Vers une révision de la notion de "lexicalisation". Contribution à une vision dynamique du lexique mental: "stock" lexical, catégories vs "réseau" lexico-sémantique.	Jean-Luc Nespoulous
Versatile Tuning of Humanoid Agent Activity.	Luc Emering
Version VI of the ESTree db: an improved tool for peach transcriptome analysis.	Luciano Milanesi
Vertebral landmarks for the identification of spinal cord segments in the mouse.	Lucy Adams
Vertex Distinguishing Edge- and Total-Colorings of Cartesian and other Product Graphs.	Jean-Luc Baril
Vertex Ramsey Properties of Families of Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Vertically scaled MOSFET gate stacks and junctions: How far are we likely to go?	Gerald Lucovsky
Very Simple Classifier: a Concept Binary Classifier toInvestigate Features Based on Subsampling and Localility.	Luca Masera
Very high resolution Earth observation features for monitoring plant and animal community structure across multiple spatial scales in protected areas.	Richard M. Lucas
Very-high-quality image compression based on noise modeling.	Jean-Luc Starck
ViVa: the virtual vascular project.	Luca Formaggia
ViVaMBC: estimating viral sequence variation in complex populations from illumina deep-sequencing data using model-based clustering.	Luc Bijnens
Viability analysis for the sustainable management of renewable resources.	Luc Doyen
Vibrational computations beyond the harmonic approximation: Performances of the B3LYP density functional for semirigid molecules.	Tecla Lucca
Vicarious Graphs.	Tomasz Luczak
Video Processing and Understanding Tools for Augmented Multisensor Perception and Mobile User Interaction in Smart Spaces.	Luca Marchesotti
Video Quality Assessment: Subjective testing of entertainment scenes.	Lucjan Janowski
Video Segmentation Based on Motion Coherence of Particles in a Video Sequence.	Luciano Silva da Silva
Video Waterscrambling: Towards a Video Protection Scheme Based on the Disturbance of Motion Vectors.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Video data and video links in mediated communication: what do users value?	Lucy Smallwood
Video shot characterization.	Luc J. Van Gool
View synthesis by the parallel use of GPU and CPU.	Luc J. Van Gool
View-based model-driven software development with ModelJoin.	Lucia Happe
Viewing One's Own Face Being Touched Modulates Tactile Perception: An fMRI Study.	Gian Luca Romani
Viewpoint invariant characteristics of articulated objects.	Luc J. Van Gool
Viewpoints on "Logic activities in Europe", twenty years later.	Luca Aceto
Views and Patterns in E-Commerce Application Design.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
Views and queries: Determinacy and rewriting.	Luc Segoufin
Vinamax: a macrospin simulation tool for magnetic nanoparticles.	Luc Dupré
Viral Quasispecies Assembly via Maximal Clique Enumeration.	Fabio Luciani
ViralORFeome: an integrated database to generate a versatile collection of viral ORFs.	M. Lucas-Hourani
Virtual Camera Composition with Particle Swarm Optimization.	Luca Di Gaspero
Virtual Channels and Multiple Physical Networks: Two Alternatives to Improve NoC Performance.	Luca P. Carloni
Virtual Environments in the Diagnosis, Prevention, and Intervention of Age-Related Diseases: A Review of VR Scenarios Proposed in the EC VETERAN Project.	Luciano Gamberini
Virtual Holonomic Constraints for Euler-Lagrange Systems.	Luca Consolini
Virtual Meeting Analyzer: A Web application to visualize and analyze social networks emerging in group meetings.	Luciano Gamberini
Virtual Platform-Based Design Space Exploration of Power-Efficient Distributed Embedded Applications.	Luciano Lavagno
Virtual RF system platform dedicated to heterogeneous complex SoC design.	Lucas Alves Da Silva
Virtual Reality and Programming by Demonstration: Teaching a Robot to Grasp a Dynamic Object by the Generalization of Human Demonstrations.	Philippe Lucidarme
Virtual Reality as a New Research Tool for the Study of Human Memory.	Luciano Gamberini
Virtual Reality in Brain Intervention.	Wieslaw Lucjan Nowinski
Virtual Reference Feedback Tuning for non-minimum phase plants.	Lucíola Campestrini
Virtual Simulation of Distributed IP-Based Designs.	Luca Benini
Virtual Try-On.	Volker Luckas
Virtual and Augmented Reality Tools for Teleoperation: Improving Distant Immersion and Perception.	Luca Giulio Brayda
Virtual communities for elderly healthcare: user-based requirements elicitation.	Lucas O. Meertens
Virtual engineering of multi-disciplinary applications and the significance of seamless accessibility of geometry data.	Luciano Fornasier
Virtual network function embedding in real cloud environments.	Luca Foschini
Virtual network security: threats, countermeasures, and challenges.	Luciano Paschoal Gaspary
Virtual reality as a support tool in the shoe life cycle.	Luca Greci
Virtual teams in and out of synchronicity.	Dorrie DeLuca
Virtualization of Event Sources in Wireless Sensor Networks for the Internet of Things.	Néstor Lucas Martínez
Virtually Lossless Compression of Astrophysical Images.	Luciano Alparone
Virus and Warning Spread in Dynamical Networks.	Carlos Rodríguez-Lucatero
Viscous Regularization of the Euler Equations and Entropy Principles.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Visibility Masks for Solving Complex Radiosity Computations on Multiprocessors.	Luc Renambot
Visibility Representations of Boxes in 2.5 Dimensions.	Luca Grilli
Visibility graph motifs.	Lucas Lacasa
Vision Based Intelligent Wheel Chair Control: The Role of Vision and Inertial Sensing in Topological Navigation.	Luc J. Van Gool
Vision and Lie's approach to invariance.	Luc J. Van Gool
Vision-Based Localization for Leader-Follower Formation Control.	Gian Luca Mariottini
Visitor and Firm Taxes Versus Environmental Options in a Dynamical Context.	Lucio Geronazzo
Visual Characterization and Diversity Quantification of Chemical Libraries: 1. Creation of Delimited Reference Chemical Subspaces.	Luc Morin-Allory
Visual Characterization and Diversity Quantification of Chemical Libraries: 2. Analysis and Selection of Size-Independent, Subspace-Specific Diversity Indices.	Luc Morin-Allory
Visual Mobility Analysis using T-Warehouse.	Luca Leonardi
Visual Modeling with a Hand-Held Camera.	Luc J. Van Gool
Visual Storytelling.	Lucy Vanderwende
Visual Tools for Software Architecture Understanding: A Stakeholder Perspective.	Lucian Voinea
Visual analysis of users' performance data in fitness activities.	Luca Chittaro
Visual assessment of software evolution.	Lucian Voinea
Visual data mining and analysis of software repositories.	Lucian Voinea
Visual definition of procedures for automatic virtual scene generation	Drazen Lucanin
Visual features of an observed agent do not modulate human brain activity during action observation.	Luca Turella
Visual inspection of sea bottom structures by an autonomous underwater vehicle.	Gian Luca Foresti
Visual instructional design languages.	Luca Botturi
Visual modelling: from images to images.	Luc J. Van Gool
Visual perception of contrastive focus in reiterant French speech.	Jean-Luc Schwartz
Visual querying and analysis of large software repositories.	Lucian Voinea
Visual short term memory.	Steven J. Luck
Visual speech, a trajectory in viseme space.	Luc J. Van Gool
Visual workflow interfaces for editorial processes.	Luciano Frizzera
Visualization and evaluation of clusters for exploratory analysis of gene expression data.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Visualization of 3D information with digital holography using laser printers.	Lucilla Croce Ferri
Visualizing Information on Mobile Devices.	Luca Chittaro
Visualizing oxidative stress-induced depression of cardiac vagal baroreflex by MRI/DTI in a mouse neurogenic hypertension model.	Jean-Luc Elghozi
Visualizing queries on databases of temporal histories: new metaphors and their evaluation.	Luca Chittaro
Visualizing references to off-screen content on mobile devices: A comparison of Arrows, Wedge, and Overview + Detail.	Luca Chittaro
Visually guided movements: learning with modular neural maps in robotics.	Jean-Luc Buessler
Vlasov simulations of beams with a moving grid.	Jean-Luc Vay
VoID-graph: Visualize Linked Datasets on the Web.	Luca Matteis
VoiceXML for Web-based distributed conversational applications.	Bruce Lucas
Volcanic Ash Cloud Properties: Comparison Between MODIS Satellite Retrievals and FALL3D Transport Model.	Luca Merucci
Volcanic Environments: Robots for Exploration and Measurement.	Luciano Cantelli
Voloshin's colourings of P3-designs.	Lucia Gionfriddo
Volume conductor models in surface electromyography: Applications to signal interpretation and algorithm test.	Luca Mesin
Volume conductor models in surface electromyography: Computational techniques.	Luca Mesin
Volume sculpting based on geometric tools.	Luciana Porcher Nedel
Volumetric IR Laser Monitoring for the Estimation of the Gas Emission Flux by Surface Sources: Method and Simulation Results.	Luca Facheris
Von Neumann's 29-state cellular automaton: a hardware implementation.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Von Neumann's Consistency Proof.	Luca Bellotti
Voronoi analysis uncovers relationship between mosaics of normally placed and displaced amacrine cells in the thraira retina.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa
Vulnerabilities and responsibilities: dealing with monsters in computer security.	Luca Consoli
Vérification et validation de modèles CommonKADS par réseaux de Petri.	Lucile Torres
WI - Studierendenforum - Ausgabe 70.	Stefan Luckner
WIPA: neural network and case base reasoning models for allocating work in progress.	Lucas K. C. Lai
WLESS-frame: a simulation-based development environment for 802.11 stations.	Luca Noli
WMR control via dynamic feedback linearization: design, implementation, and experimental validation.	Alessandro De Luca 0001
WOODSS and the Web: annotating and reusing scientific workflows.	Luciano A. Digiampietri
WOZ acoustic data collection for interactive TV.	Luca Cristoforetti
WS-DIAMOND: An Approach to Web Services - Monitoring and Diagnosis.	Luca Console
WSNs clustering based on semantic neighborhood relationships.	Luci Pirmez
WSR Maximized Resource Allocation in Multiple DF Relays Aided OFDMA Downlink Transmission	Luc Vandendorpe
WSR Maximized Resource Allocation in Multiple DF Relays Aided OFDMA Downlink Transmission.	Luc Vandendorpe
Wadge-like reducibilities on arbitrary quasi-Polish spaces.	Luca Motto Ros
Walk-through programming for robotic manipulators based on admittance control.	Luca Bascetta
Walking on Partial Footholds Including Line Contacts with the Humanoid Robot Atlas.	Luca Fiorio
Walking pace affected by interactive sounds simulating stepping on different terrains.	Luca Turchet
Walkthroughs of complex environments using image-based simplification.	Lucia Darsa
Warmr: a data mining tool for chemical data.	Luc Dehaspe
Warnings for pattern matching.	Luc Maranget
WarpIV: In Situ Visualization and Analysis of Ion Accelerator Simulations.	Jean-Luc Vay
Wasserstein metric convergence method for Fokker-Planck equations with point controls.	Luca Petrelli
Water Level Estimation and Reduction of Hydraulic Model Calibration Uncertainties Using Satellite SAR Images of Floods.	Lucien Hoffmann
Water Vapor Continuum Absorption in the Microwave.	Jean-Luc Moncet
Water Vapor Probabilistic Retrieval Using GNSS Signals.	Luca Rovai
Water solvent effects using continuum and discrete models: The nitromethane molecule, CH3NO2.	Lucas Modesto-Costa
Watermark recovery from two-dimensional views of a three-dimensional object using texture or silhouette information.	Jean-Luc Dugelay
Watersheds in Digital Spaces: An Efficient Algorithm Based on Immersion Simulations.	Luc Vincent
Wave Equations, Fractional Derivatives, and a New Instance of the Lack of Robustness of Velocity Feedbacks.	Luciano Pandolfi
Wave-diffusion dualism of the neutral-fractional processes.	Yuri Luchko
Wavelet Adaptivity for 3-D Device Simulation.	Luca De Marchi
Wavelet and Curvelet Moments for Image Classification: Application to Aggregate Mixture Grading	Jean-Luc Starck
Wavelet and curvelet moments for image classification: Application to aggregate mixture grading.	Jean-Luc Starck
Wavelet compression and segmentation of digital mammograms.	Bradley J. Lucier
Wavelet formulation of the polarizable continuum model.	Luca Frediani
Wavelet methods for inverting the Radon transform with noisy data.	Bradley J. Lucier
Wavelet subspace decomposition of thermal infrared images for defect detection in artworks.	Jean-Luc Bodnar
Wavelet thresholding technique for sEMG denoising by baseline estimation.	Luca Bartolomeo
Wavelet-based combined signal filtering and prediction.	Jean-Luc Starck
Wavelet-based nonlinear multiscale decomposition model for electricity load forecasting.	Jean-Luc Starck
Wavelet-packet basis selection for abrupt changes detection in multicomponent signals.	Marie-Françoise Lucas
Wavelets and curvelets for image deconvolution: a combined approach.	Jean-Luc Starck
Wavelets, Ridgelets, and Curvelets for Poisson Noise Removal.	Jean-Luc Starck
Ways in which coherence is confirmation conducive.	Luca Moretti
WeNMR: Structural Biology on the Grid.	Lucio Ferella
Weak Affine Light Typing is complete with respect to Safe Recursion on Notation	Luca Roversi
Weak Affine Light Typing: Polytime intensional expressivity, soundness and completeness	Luca Roversi
Weak Consistency and Quasi-Linear Means Imply the Actual Ranking.	Luciano Basile
Weak Insider Trading and Behavioral Finance.	Luciano Campi
Weak Random Sources, Hitting Sets, and BPP Simulations	Luca Trevisan
Weak Random Sources, Hitting Sets, and BPP Simulations.	Luca Trevisan
Weak topology and infinite matrix games.	Luciano Méndez-Naya
Weakest Precondition Reasoning for Expected Run-Times of Probabilistic Programs.	Benjamin Lucien Kaminski
Weakly coupled event triggered output feedback system in wireless networked control systems.	Lichun Lucinda Li
Weakly supervised motion segmentation with particle matching.	Luc J. Van Gool
Wearable Monitoring Devices for Assistive Technology: Case Studies in Post-Polio Syndrome.	Luca Piccini
Wearable Monitoring of Seated Spinal Posture.	Lucy E. Dunne
Wearable assistant for load monitoring: recognition of on - body load placement from gait alterations.	Luca Benini
Web 2.0, la révolution connectique.	Luc Quoniam
Web Services and Interoperability for the Maude Termination Tool.	Salvador Lucas
Web applications design recovery and evolution with RE-UWA.	Mario Luca Bernardi
Web based prediction for diabetes treatment.	Lucio Grandinetti
Web communication services and the PacketIN® application hosting environment.	Luciano Rodriguez
Web services and workflow management for biological resources.	Luciano Milanesi
Web user-session inference by means of clustering techniques.	Luca Muscariello
Web-based 3D Reconstruction Service.	Luc J. Van Gool
Web-based adaptive training simulator system for cardiac life support.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
Web-based analytical tools for the exploration of spatial data.	Luc Anselin
Web3D technologies in learning, education and training.	Luca Chittaro
Web3D technologies in learning, education and training: Motivations, issues, opportunities.	Luca Chittaro
WebCaL - a domain specific language for web caching.	Luciano Porto Barreto
WebDISCO: a web service for distributed cox model learning without patient-level data sharing.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
WebGLORE: a Web service for Grid LOgistic REgression.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Weighing Fusion Method for Truck Scales Based on Prior Knowledge and Neural Network Ensembles.	Lucai Wang
Weighted Banzhaf power and interaction indexes through weighted approximations of games.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Weighted Increment Linear Search for Scatter Tables.	Fabrizio Luccio
Weighted Positive Binary Decision Diagrams for Exact Probabilistic Inference.	Peter J. F. Lucas
Weighted Sum Rate Maximization for Downlink OFDMA With Subcarrier-Pair Based Opportunistic DF Relaying.	Luc Vandendorpe
Weighted Sum Rate Maximization for Downlink OFDMA with Subcarrier-pair based Opportunistic DF Relaying	Luc Vandendorpe
Weighted Sum Rate Optimization for Downlink Multiuser MIMO Coordinated Base Station Systems: Centralized and Distributed Algorithms.	Luc Vandendorpe
Weighted Sum-Rate Maximization in Multi-Cell Networks via Coordinated Scheduling and Discrete Power Control.	Luca Venturino
Weighted Word Pairs for query expansion.	Luca Greco 0001
Weighted aggregation operators based on minimization.	Lucia Vavríková
Weighted height of random trees.	Luc Devroye
Weighted lattice polynomials of independent random variables.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Weighted lattice polynomials.	Jean-Luc Marichal
Weighted mean of a pair of clusterings.	Lucas Franek
Weighted sum of per cell min-rate maximization for multi-cell downlink OFDMA with opportunistic DF relaying.	Luc Vandendorpe
Weighting a resampled particle in Sequential Monte Carlo.	Luca Martino
Weighting the Edge Stabilization.	Jean-Luc Guermond
Welfarist evaluations of decision rules for boards of representatives.	Luc Bovens
Well Quasi-Orders and Regular Languages.	Aldo de Luca
Well-Posedness, Regularity, and Convergence Analysis of the Finite Element Approximation of a Generalized Robin Boundary Value Problem.	Luca Dedè
Well-balanced high-order numerical schemes for one-dimensional blood flow in vessels with varying mechanical properties.	Lucas O. Müller
Werkzeuge für mehrdimensionale Lernobjekte: das Woher und Wohin.	Ulrike Lucke
Werkzeuge zur Spezialisierung von XML-Sprachen für vereinfachte, didaktisch unterstützte Erstellung von E-Learning-Inhalten.	Ulrike Lucke
What Do Thirty-One Columns Say about a "Theoretical" Thirty-Second?	Livio De Luca
What Do We Know about Test-Driven Development?	Lucas Layman
What Shape Is Your Conjugate? A Survey of Computational Convex Analysis and Its Applications.	Yves Lucet
What Shape Is Your Conjugate? A Survey of Computational Convex Analysis and Its Applications.	Yves Lucet
What Your Face Vlogs About: Expressions of Emotion and Big-Five Traits Impressions in YouTube.	Lucia Teijeiro-Mosquera
What are teachers interested in toward educational examples? A study of trainees' use of video-enhanced resources.	Luc Ria
What can two images tell us about a third one?	Luc Robert
What do patent examiner inserted citations indicate for a region with low absorptive capacity?	Ignacio Fernández-de-Lucio
What is Visualization Really for?	Luciano Floridi
What is Your Digital Business Strategy?	Henry C. Lucas Jr.
What is the Best Spatial Distribution to Model Base Station Density? A Deep Dive into Two European Mobile Networks.	Luca Chiaraviglio
What makes a good biography?: multidimensional quality analysis based on wikipedia article feedback data.	Lucie Flekova
What should be done about the illegal immigration from Mexico to the United States?	Jamie Lucas-Vergona
What we talk about when we talk about cloud network performance.	Lucian Popa
What's AI by the way.	Kai von Luck
What's behind a smile? the return of mechanism: Reply to Schaffner.	Luc Faucher
What's new in informatics.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Wheel + ring = reel: the impact of route filtering on the stability of policy routing.	Luca Cittadini
Wheelchair Guidance Strategies Using EOG.	Luciano Boquete
When 'friends' collide: Social heterogeneity and user vulnerability on social network sites.	Lucy R. Betts
When 3 + 1 > 4: Gift Structure and Reciprocity in the Field.	Michael Luca
When Gaze Turns into Grasp.	Luca Turella
When Hamming Meets Euclid: The Approximability of Geometric TSP and Steiner Tree.	Luca Trevisan
When Open Source Meets Network Control Planes.	Sidney C. de Lucena
When Sounds Become Actions: Higher-order Representation of Newly Learned Action Sounds in the Human Motor System.	Luca F. Ticini
When are network coding based dynamic multi-homing techniques beneficial?	Daniel E. Lucani
When are robots intelligent autonomous agents?	Luc Steels
When do conservation planning methods deliver? Quantifying the consequences of uncertainty.	Lucy Bastin
When gaze opens the channel for communication: Integrative role of IFG and MPFC.	Luciano Fadiga
When ignorance helps: Graphical multicast cost sharing games.	Luca Moscardelli
When indexing equals compression: Experiments with compressing suffix arrays and applications.	Luca Foschini
When is a random graph projective?	Tomasz Luczak
When less is more: Rationing and rent dissipation in stochastic contests.	Luca Stanca
When reactive agents are not enough: Tactical level decisions in pedestrian simulation.	Luca Crociani
When warrant transmits and when it doesn't: towards a general framework.	Luca Moretti
Where do we stand in the maze of health information systems?	Lucila Ohno-Machado
Where sound position influences sound object representations: A 7-T fMRI study.	Lucas Spierer
Where to Go on Your Next Trip? Optimizing Travel Destinations Based on User Preferences.	Lucas Bernardi
Whether and Where to Code in the Wireless Packet Erasure Relay Channel.	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Whether and Where to Code in the Wireless Relay Channel	Daniel Enrique Lucani
Which stochastic models allow Baum-Welch training?	Helmut Lucke
White Matter Integrity Predicts Delay Discounting Behavior in 9- to 23-Year-Olds: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.	Monica Luciana
White Paper on DOE-HEP Accelerator Modeling Science Activities.	Jean-Luc Vay
White Paper: Reducing the Frequency of Errors in Medicine Using Information Technology.	Lucian Leape
White matter defects in first episode psychosis patients: A voxelwise analysis of diffusion tensor imaging.	Enrique Marco de Lucas
Whiteboard: Synchronism, accessibility, protagonism and collective authorship for human diversity on Web 2.0.	Lucila Maria Costi Santarosa
Who's who and what's what in Brazilian Public Health Sciences.	Lucilla Furusawa
Whole mirror duplication-random loss model and pattern avoiding permutations.	Jean-Luc Baril
Whole-brain anatomical networks: Does the choice of nodes matter?	Luca Cocchi
Why do linear SVMs trained on HOG features perform so well?	Simon Lucey
Why do we make mistakes? Neurocognitive processes during the preparation-perception-action cycle and error-detection.	Giuliana Lucci
Why is Selecting the Simplest Hypothesis (Consistent with Data) a Good Idea? A Simple Explanation.	Luc Longpré
WiMAX-based monitoring network for a utility company: a case study.	Luc Martens
Wide-Band Sensing and Optimization for Cognitive Radio Networks With Noise Variance Uncertainty.	Luc Vandendorpe
Wideband Sensing and Optimization for Cognitive Radio Networks with Noise Variance Uncertainty.	Luc Vandendorpe
Widely Linear Estimation for Space-Time-Coded GFDM in Low-Latency Applications.	Luciano Leonel Mendes
Wiener-Granger Causality in Network Physiology With Applications to Cardiovascular Control and Neuroscience.	Luca Faes
Wiki e Matematica: costruzione di competenze.	Anna Lucia Averna
Wikipedia Chemical Structure Explorer: substructure and similarity searching of molecules from Wikipedia.	Luc Patiny
Wind tunnel experiments of tracer dispersion downwind from a small-scale physical model of a landfill.	Luca Zipoli
Window-accumulated subsequence matching problem is linear.	Luc Boasson
Wired in Whitehall: a survey of Internet and intranet use in government.	Lucy Cuthbertson
Wireless Access Channels with Near-Ground Level Antennas.	Luciano Ahumada
Wireless Robotics: Generalization of an Efficient Approach with Multi-h CPM Signaling and L2-Orthogonal Space-Time Coding.	Luc Deneire
Wireless Sensing Based on RFID and Capacitive Technologies for Safety in Marble Industry Process Control.	Luca Fanucci
Wireless Sensor Networks and the Tower that Breathes.	Luca Mottola
Wireless communication at 310 GHz using GaAs high-electron-mobility transistors for detection.	Lucie Tohme
Wireless communication at 310 GHz using GaAs high-electron-mobility transistors for detection.	Luca Varani
Wireless indoor network planning for advanced exposure and installation cost minimization.	Luc Martens
Wireless sensor networks: Enabling technology for ambient intelligence.	Luca Benini
Wissensrepräsentation für das Katastrophenmanagement.	Christian Lucas
Wissenswerkstatt Rechensysteme.	Ulrike Lucke
Wissenswerkstatt für Technische Informatik.	Ulrike Lucke
Within- and Cross-Modal Distance Information Disambiguate Visual Size-Change Perception.	Massimiliano Di Luca
Women in engineering: politics in the making of a statistical category.	Juan C. Lucena
Word Complexity And Repetitions In Words.	Lucian Ilie
Word Length Selection Method for Controller Implementation on FPGAs Using the VHDL-2008 Fixed-Point and Floating-Point Packages.	Oscar Lucía
Words 2013.	Luca Q. Zamboni
Words and special factors.	Aldo de Luca
Words, univalent factors, and boxes.	Aldo de Luca
Work-Oriented Design at Xerox.	Lucy A. Suchman
Workflow and Access Control Reloaded: a Declarative Specification Framework for the Automated Analysis of Web Services.	Luca Viganò 0001
Workflow and Access Control Reloaded: a Declarative Specification Framework for the Automated Analysis of Web Services.	Luca Zanetti
Working Conference on Reverse Engineering 2005.	Andrea De Lucia
Working Memory and Interference Control in Children with Specific Language Impairment.	Luca Campanelli
Working relations of technology production and use.	Lucy A. Suchman
Workload Partitioning for Accelerating Applications on Heterogeneous Platforms.	Ana Lucia Varbanescu
Workload characterization of cryptography algorithms for hardware acceleration (abstracts only).	Jean-Luc Gaudiot
Workplace surveillance, privacy and distributive justice.	Lucas D. Introna
World Migration Degree Global migration flows in directed networks.	Lucien Benguigui
Worldwide Comparison of Lightning Impulse Voltage Measuring Systems at the 400-kV Level.	Wolfgang Lucas
Worst case equalizer for noncoherent HIPERLAN receivers.	Luciano Tomba
Worst-Case Analysis of Selective Sampling for Linear Classification.	Luca Zaniboni
Wrapper-based evolution of legacy information systems.	Jean-Luc Hainaut
Wrapping Objects.	Lucy Garnett
Wright, Okasha and Chandler on transmission failure.	Luca Moretti
Writes that Fall in the Forest and Make no Sound: Semantics-Based Adaptive Data Consistency.	Lucja Kot
X-Ray Vision With Only WiFi Power Measurements Using Rytov Wave Models.	Lucas Buckland
X.21 as a universal digital service access interface.	Thomas Luckenbach
XCHARM: A routing protocol for multi-channel wireless mesh networks.	Luciano Bononi
XCSF with tile coding in discontinuous action-value landscapes.	Pier Luca Lanzi
XKey: A tool for the generation of identification keys.	Eva Lucrecia Gibaja Galindo
XMILE: An XML Based Approach for Incremental Code Mobility and Update.	Luca Zanolin
XML for Libraries, Archives, and Museums: The Project Covax.	Luciana Bordoni
XML mapping technology: Making connections in an XML-centric world.	Lucian Popa
XML queries and algebra in the Enosys integration platform.	Lucian Suta
XML-Based Hypertext Functionalities for Software Engineering.	Luca Bompani
XML: Nur ein neues Schlagwort? - Zum Nutzen von XML in Lehr- und Lernsystemen (Exploiting the Use of XML for Multimedia Education).	Ulrike Lucke
XPi: A typed process calculus for XML messaging.	Lucia Acciai
XTOR-2F: A fully implicit Newton-Krylov solver applied to nonlinear 3D extended MHD in tokamaks.	Jean-François Luciani
Yada: a novel tool for molecular docking calculations.	Lucia Sessa
Yawning Detection Using Embedded Smart Cameras.	Luc Martel
YodaNN: An Ultra-Low Power Convolutional Neural Network Accelerator Based on Binary Weights.	Luca Benini
You followed my bot! Transforming robots into influential users in Twitter.	Lucas Schmidt
Zeitparametereinstellung in der PPS mit einem Entscheidungsunterstützungssystem.	Holger Luczak
Zero Crossings, Overshoot and Initial Undershoot in the Step and Impulse Responses of Linear Systems.	Luc N. Muhirwa
Zeros of Riemann's Zeta Function are Uniformly Distributed, but not Random: An Answer to Calude's Open Problem.	Luc Longpré
Zirkus Empathico: Eine mobile Applikation zum Training sozioemotionaler Kompetenzen bei Kindern im Autismus-Spektrum.	Ulrike Lucke
alpha-Jacobian environmental adaptation.	Luca Rigazio
apeNEXT: a Multi-TFlops Computer for Elementary Particle Physics.	Sergio de Luca
blue-c: a spatially immersive display and 3D video portal for telepresence.	Luc J. Van Gool
cSSMD: assessing collective activity for addressing off-target effects in genome-scale RNA interference screens.	Luca Benetti
cvxEDA: A Convex Optimization Approach to Electrodermal Activity Processing.	Luca Citi
de Bruijn cycles for neural decoding.	Lucía Magis-Weinberg
e-Science and biological pathway semantics.	Joanne S. Luciano
eALPS: Estimating Abundance Levels in Pooled Sequencing Using Available Genotyping Data.	Lucía Conde
eCX: a secure infrastructure for e-course delivery.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
eHabitat, a multi-purpose Web Processing Service for ecological modeling.	Lucy Bastin
fMRI Activation during Observation of Others' Reach Errors.	Jean-Luc Anton
fMRI contrast at high and ultrahigh magnetic fields: Insight from complementary methods.	Lucio Frydman
iDASH: integrating data for analysis, anonymization, and sharing.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
iDTV Home Gateway convergence: an open software model integrating the Ginga middleware and the OSGi framework.	Vicente Ferreira de Lucena Jr.
j-POST: a Java Toolchain for Property-Oriented Software Testing.	Jean-Luc Richier
k L-list λ colouring of graphs.	Dorotea De Luca Cardillo
k-Dense communities in the Internet AS-level topology graph.	Luciano Lenzini
k-Dimensional hashing scheme for hard disk integrity verification in computer forensics.	Lucas Chi Kwong Hui
k-Pattern Set Mining under Constraints.	Luc De Raedt
k-Restricted rotation distance between binary trees.	Fabrizio Luccio
k-core decomposition: a tool for the analysis of large scale Internet graphs	Luca Dall'Asta
k-core decomposition: a tool for the visualization of large scale networks	Luca Dall'Asta
k-intolerant capacities and Choquet integrals.	Jean-Luc Marichal
k2-means for fast and accurate large scale clustering.	Luc Van Gool
kLog: A Language for Logical and Relational Learning with Kernels	Luc De Raedt
kLog: A language for logical and relational learning with kernels.	Luc De Raedt
l-Arginine Binding to Human Inducible Nitric Oxide Synthase: An Antisymmetric Funnel Route toward Isoform-Specific Inhibitors?	Jean-Luc Boucher
m-Asynchronous cellular automata: from fairness to quasi-fairness.	Luca Manzoni
m-ary Balanced Codes With Parallel Decoding.	Luca G. Tallini
mfERG_LAB: Software for processing multifocal electroretinography signals.	Luciano Boquete
miR-EdiTar: a database of predicted A-to-I edited miRNA target sites.	Luciano Cascione
miRIAD - integrating microRNA inter- and intragenic data.	Lucila Ohno-Machado
muMV-algebras: An approach to fixed points in Lukasiewicz logic.	Luca Spada
myMIR: a genome-wide microRNA targets identification and annotation tool.	Luciano Milanesi
nQuire: Technological Support for Personal Inquiry Learning.	Lucinda Kerawalla
neXtA5: accelerating annotation of articles via automated approaches in neXtProt.	Luc Mottin
on Subwords of Infinite Words.	Lucian Ilie
p4est: Scalable Algorithms for Parallel Adaptive Mesh Refinement on Forests of Octrees.	Lucas C. Wilcox
pcapIndex: an index for network packet traces with legacy compatibility.	Luca Deri
solGS: a web-based tool for genomic selection.	Jean-Luc Jannink
spMC: an R-package for 3D lithological reconstructions based on spatial Markov chains.	Luca Sartore
spolTools: online utilities for analyzing spoligotypes of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex.	Fabio Luciani
uFLIP: Understanding Flash IO Patterns	Luc Bouganim
uFLIP: Understanding the Energy Consumption of Flash Devices.	Luc Bouganim
xTAO: enabling a declarative approach to the specification of multi-agent systems.	Carlos José Pereira de Lucena
éditorial.	Luc Bouganim
éléments pour la modélisation et la représentation de structures spatiales agricoles.	Jean-Luc Metzger
évaluation polynomiale en-ligne de fonctions élémentaires sur FPGA.	Jean-Luc Beuchat
Γ-convergence analysis for discrete topological singularities: The anisotropic triangular lattice and the long range interaction energy.	Lucia De Luca
ℤ2-Graded Gelfand-Kirillov dimension of the Grassmann algebra.	Lucio Centrone
